You
I
Can't believe it Cara you're not even second place
You're not even third place Cara. Where are you?
I mean, I was trying to get Cara to win the cash money this morning and then Cara's not even fifth. Oh my gosh
She's not even gonna make six place. Oh my goodness
What is happening
Good morning, Christy good morning solar fire Daniel Annie where in the heck is Cara? She didn't make it
It's like she didn't I
Really she like texted me and said she was gonna be first in the chat and it was gonna be all cool
And she was gonna win the money the big cash prize and and Cara's not there like wow
She didn't make it very funny
Very very odd
But that's where we are ladies and gentlemen, this is where we are ladies and gentlemen good morning Jeff from Earth
You guys really relate like what's up with that? I totally had it set up
Wow good to see you guys. Thank you very much for joining me
You
Ladies
Mark put it all on the line yesterday
Missed his trying it for a third time check that check that stream out
Say it like it is you're not talking about murder and
Lying about it, then you're not I know the dates wrong in the title. I can't fix it now live
But I will fix it again. I guess I left out the zero
I might have run out of room. Maybe I didn't have enough
I might not have had enough text and it might not have let me fill that in so I'll fix it in the in the post
Sorry about that
One-man show
I think truth is good for kids. We're so busy lying. We don't even recognize the truth no more than society
We want everybody to feel good. That's not that's not the way life is
Think but you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people
And I have lied. I'm sure I'll lie again. I don't want to lie
You know, I don't think I'm a liar. I try not to be a liar. I don't want to be a liar
I think it's like really important not to be a liar
No
I'm not sure exactly who he is his name is J. J. Cooley, and I believe he's a consultant for CHD
And I believe he has a PhD in some sort of scientific discipline from what I understand
I like that and I don't like that
I like the idea that storytelling is a form of lying. It certainly can be good storytelling can be
Incredibly effective way of excuse me of lying. I'm gonna drink a lot of coffee just now
But it worries me a little bit
That that statement also kind of
Discounts the power of storytelling and why storytelling can be used to pass on very important knowledge
Without necessarily on the face being that important now. I just I do think we have to be very careful because what we do here
I'm gonna go on biologicals try to tell the story
succinctly of the of the sacred biology and hope that that story makes more sense than the
Stories the lies that they have been told and so it is
Storytelling is how humans communicate actually and storytelling is an art form that that that you know goes back many many many generations
Communicating with with other humans through stories is is
Essentially the enchantment. It's how enchantments are cast
And being able to tell that that story
You know it has to do with being able to distort the truth into simple simple
Simple models and simple explanations and that people accept because they are able to make rudimentary
Predictions with those or have been meant led to believe that those models can make predictions that they can't
Which I think is closer to the truth
And so if you have bros with shows that are telling stories
Then it doesn't really matter what's true it matters what's perceived to be true
especially if people are gonna listen intently to those bros with shows and
Essentially, that's what's going on right now
You got bros with shows that have taught our children our young people to attribute bad motives to those that disagree with them
rather than arguing with logic or facts and
Of course, this maneuver has taken many years. It's happened in our schools and universities as well as
the interwebs
With these people that they put in front of us that don't seem to be able to talk about
The real value of money or fiat currencies or what fractional reserve means and whether or not
Tractional Reserve banking is good or bad and who who controls it does that matter?
None of this stuff is discussed by any of these bros with shows
Because they are involved in making sure that we don't ask the right questions that we don't ask the right questions
That will it will allow our children to see because they know there are three classes of people and they want our children to be
Firmly in the third group of people that do not see
And they can do that. They can do that by teaching our kids not to see
And
They want our kids to believe that AI is the real God that they need to be afraid of the real power that they need to worship the real
the real ruling class
They're all submitting to it and it's because they've all been told over several decades
They've all been told over several decades that if we just collect the data
That we can solve giant problems that we could become demigods that we could control
the evolution of humans and these are these are people who are
Descendent from a history of bad ideas back when the special cancer virus program was thinking that they could
accelerate human evolution by exposing
animals and humans and cells to
Radiation and so so much of the work on nuclear energy and nuclear bombs and cancer and
Evolution and DNA was all tied together back when these people were really really bonafide dark-age dipshits
And those people taught their students and taught their students and believe it or not
A lot of those students are now in front of us right now pretending that their model of the world with retroviruses and coronaviruses is the model
And if we don't learn the history of where these dumb ideas came from and who put them there and who
Perpetuated them and identify them for the charlatans that they are before the history is erased our children will be enslaved by these charlatans
Not just these charlatans, but also the charlatans that are currently wearing the
COVID shots is bad, but don't talk about 20-20 t-shirts
Because they are not interested in making gentle the life of this world. They're not interested in the freedom of your
Grandchildren, they're actually working for the slavers. They're actually trying to work for the slavers the
the owners of the weaponized piles of money that actually run the show the control social media that control the television
those those weaponized piles of money that are creating the wave that we need to make our children aware of
make our teachers aware of make our neighbors aware of and this wave of
Chaos and destruction is is produced by these weaponized piles of money this wave that's currently crashing our
Civilization this wave was created by these weaponized piles of money
And if we're gonna teach our kids to surf on it
They've got to be aware of it
They've got to know who the people are and they've got to know the lies they told and that's our job
It's gonna take us doing it us adults
that have already been trying to surf this wave for four plus years and
Adults that have been trying to surf this wave for longer you realize that there are people that have been fighting against the biology of
The vaccine schedule since before the pandemic and none of those people are in front of us right now
None of those people are helping us stay focused on the biology
None of those people are helping us not take the bait on TV and none of those people are helping us love our neighbor because the
Algorithms won't let us see them. They won't even let us know they're there
Because the primary anti-vaxxer that we're supposed to pay attention to is Robert Wallace Malone one of the biggest fakes on
the internet
Ladies and gentlemen the way this works is if you can share it, so please continue to share it everywhere that
Social media works we need to pollute
That that cesspool of information with our own cleanliness and hope that some of the soap smell
spreads around and that people wake up
That's what we need to do
That's how we need to win
Ladies and gentlemen, this I guess is a gig ome biological a high-resistance low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist
and we are coming to you live from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania in the back of a garage of a rented house and
We are funded unlike PBS NewsHour only by fellow peasants like you
fellow people who are not in the big club
fellow people who a lot of you probably didn't know that the
Vaccine schedule was criminal before the pandemic you were just like me you thought that if they were lying
But I mean they weren't really lying were they?
And it really is gonna require all of us to take our hands down all of us to drop our
See 15 year anti-vaxxers man
That's what I'm talking about you guys make me look like a chump because I've had my hands above my in front of my eyes
Since since really 2022 is the last year that I didn't know it
Ladies and gentlemen United non-compliance. This is gig ome biological. I'm a human just like you welcome to the show
Well
Well in case it wasn't obvious that this is a one-man show
I still can't produce the show live as well as I would like to I'm still making a lot of mistakes with what buttons to push and
Where to go and what timings?
But this is gig ome biological welcome to the show
It's the 10th of May 2024
I've got a little different thing that I want to do today
So just a quick introduction ladies and gentlemen
Tra muscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb
Transfection and healthy humans is criminally negligent and RNA cannot pandemic
We will spend a day or two every week talking about some aspect of these main statements these main messages of gig ome biological
but today we're going to take a little step back and look a little bit at where broken science and Greg Glassman and
Emily Kaplan have opened my mind to another aspect of the illusion from a from a different perspective a different angle
It's a different part of the elephant and I do think it's something that over time
Gig ome biological is going to incorporate more and more of this pursuit of
Understanding of this level of the of the illusion to to
To the show and so today I want to do one of the first
But I want is high morbidity one of the first broken science initiative one
So I'm just going to give you a brief introduction of where we are
Remember the idea is is that people on the internet were seeding this narrative from the very beginning
We assumed that that the the narrative was really just on television
But actually the narrative much more
malevolently than any of us including myself ever estimated would also be seeded on the internet by people large and
small by people promoted and not promoted and in fact, it's even possible that a
Exorbitant amount of people were seeded and the ones that spontaneously were able to attract attention
were the ones that then the
Operation you know sort of promoted and some of these people may have missed the audition space or missed the the audition cutoff and didn't get promoted
Or didn't get their sub stack up or or whatever. And so in
2024 we're really left with a selection of the best
Narrative controllers were bet we're left with the best most committed most trustworthy
participants in the national security narrative and
I think it's very possible that that national security narrative is very adequately
Summarized by this slide. I do think it's possible that if you think about it, there really are only two groups
there's a group of people that says that the COVID shots are bad and they've been saying it for kind of a while and
Those same people have been focused from the very beginning on making sure that you don't think about how long it took before you saw them
Specifically, I'm talking right now about Brett Weinstein
Robert Malone and Steve Kurish who came out on in June of
2021 exactly one year and and six months too late to make any difference for the
Resistance for the dissident ideas that might have been in place before
The university students were forced to go back to university under full
COVID
Delusions in
2020 back when Richard Ebrite said it would be criminal to open up the universities because it might kill
250,000 university students before Christmas
Richard Ebrite should really be on this screen here as part of one of these worst case scenario people
But Richard Ebrite never made a phone call to me was never in a signal chat with me. He's never sent me an email or anything like that
Whereas with all of these other people
I've smelled their breath shaking their hand taking a selfie with them and have them blow sunshine up my ass about how cool
It is the work that you do
But absolutely none of these people on social media have ever promoted the cool work that I do none of these people have really
Made an effort to try and
Try and raise my boat
But instead have made a very concerted effort to find out what I think and take whatever useful
tidbits that they are still able to use and not
not qualified to wear that t-shirt and
So for a little while some of these
posers were starting to talk about clones because they thought that they could convince me that clones could spread around just like a
regular RNA virus they say can spread around and the moment that I push back against that and the moment
I said no
what I'm arguing is is that the regular RNAs don't spread around because there's no evidence for that in the literature and
Therefore the way that they have overcome that problem is that they resort to making synthetic clones and the synthetic clones are only useful because
Then many laboratories can start from the same pure place and then they can use the same cell culture and basically
It's the same
experimental starting point which can make sense from a biological perspective
Unless the starting point of synthetic infectious clones is already a dumb
place to start because it doesn't recapitulate whatever signal is in nature, but instead
Creates a purity of an RNA or a DNA molecule that would never exist
And so whatever you get when you put that on a cell culture is also something that would never exist and doesn't recapitulate whatever it was
From which you you say you're deriving the original DNA or RNA signal from and this illusion
stays very consistent from AIDS
to the chronic fatigue syndrome dramas that that
Judy Mickovitz was involved in all the way up until now when we talked about flu for 15 years
And then all the way up until now when we've talked about
Coronaviruses and flu is one of these things that fits right in
But it's kind of doesn't
Because flu viruses are really interesting. They need their own they need their own enzymes
They're they're not readable RNAs the RNAs are fragmented
They can grow them and eggs, but they can't really grow them in eggs because
Sometimes they don't grow what they're supposed to grow or the strains are different
And so it's actually interesting the flu isn't actually an interesting phenomenon
which may have more basis in reality than any of these other
Any of these other things that we're supposed to be more focused on and I think that's also part of the illusion that these people
Are wittingly or unwittingly protecting. I do think it's very likely although, you know, at this stage
I like to take Mike Eden's position and I'm just not sophisticated enough to know because they've been lying for so long
But I suspect that some of these signals
maybe herpes virus
Maybe some of these cytomegaloviruses that are really big
Maybe some of these viruses are real phenomenon that we don't understand that have been mischaracterized
as representing
edifying parallel phenomenon which support the idea of AIDS and support the idea of coronavirus
And so we can identify and study some of these viruses and then some of these biologists are actually doing real work
And then assume that the coronavirus biologists in the AIDS viruses people are doing good work too
So the illusion seated over many many years in the scientific literature and in the universities
is now
Was now and and I believe before the pandemic actually becoming questioned
because of people like brian hooker and laura bono
And all of these autism moms that were starting to organize behind I can and chd
And children's health defense and I can therefore
needed to be controlled either
Upon their formation they were already controlled because they knew this was a problem that the vaccine schedule
People were starting to become skeptical that it was starting to spread around
They made a movie that that
Robert de niro went on the the morning news and said everybody should see and that was the movie vaxxed
And so the crazy part is ladies and gentlemen and let's think about this for a second
The movie vax came out a few years before the pandemic
And then Robert de niro was on the news saying that you know
Maybe autism is caused by the vaccine schedule and then crazy enough and those same years
That's when that's when the intellectual dark web was established that
Jordan peterson and bret wine steins suddenly were very popular and public on the on the social media about how they were standing up against
Against their university or some kind of free speech or
That kind of thing
That sam heres decided to do a podcast that joe rogan got the big deal
That
That tom kawan had a book that that that june mikovitz has a book that that andy slavitt has a book that that um
That the real anthony fauci book came out that elina chan had a book that all these books coming out in
2016-17-18-19 when everybody is really starting to wake up about the idea that the vaccine schedule in america might be screwed
The movie vax to is being produced
And so I think what you need to see it's a combination of the obviously the financial system in america eventually going to collapse
And the simultaneous illusion of the public health system in america was about to collapse
Because you have all this profit you have all these advertisements on tv
You have these autism moms that are getting attention on the night on the today show
Because of robert deniro
And then what do you do?
Well, you make sure that i can is never going to make progress
You make sure that chd is never going to make progress because
brian hooker could change the world if they put him in front of the of the chd all the time and they said
That
Absolutely specifically we want to stop the vaccine schedule because we have evidence to believe that it's criminal in america
That would have been a message that would have caused chd to either succeed or need to be destroyed
And so i'm going to say something very hardcore here, but i'm going to say it
I think chd and maybe also i can are organizations that because of
saboteurs inside of both of those organizations that some people may or may not be aware of
They have effectively not gotten a touchdown
Even though they probably were close to scoring a touchdown with vaxx
And with vaxx to
They didn't score a touchdown
And i think that's by design
And i think for a while they were trying to incorporate me into it with comfort and money
And i didn't go along with it
I was offered an nda and eight thousand dollars if i would keep my mouth shut after they laid me off
And I did not take that money even though my family desperately needed it and
Now we're basically paying part of our bills every month with a credit card
And you might say wow you're pretty stupid, but you know what?
We don't have this is it
I know it. I know it in my bones
My kids will either be free because I fought and stood up and did not
Back down or my kids will be enslaved because I stopped
because I I
Wimped out because I felt overwhelmed or because I I
I just thought we couldn't win
And i'm not i'm I don't believe that I believe that actually we are are right now at a crucial stage
Where all of those people wearing that covid shots are bad don't talk about 2020 they're all doubling down
And they have no alternative but to ignore me
Because
It's going to get much much worse one of the things that I would suggest you do as homework before I show you how bad it is
Is to look at some of the videos that mark kulak is loading up on usatonic live three
And they are specifically there is one that's absolutely extraordinary and maybe more
Where none other than paul cottrell
the absolutely fake doctor
Who was absolutely streaming with?
Addy ads myself and kevin mccairn
For nearly two months at the beginning of the pandemic
pretending to be an md all the while having a phd in chaos theory and finance
Claiming to have going through some pre-med program at harvard or
And he's a liar
He was promoted by george web who's also a liar
And he did several streams with robert wallace malone
Who on his stream characterized
DoD as us
Who on his stream talked about insider connections in
DARPA and or sorry in ditra and in
Other places bragged about his connections with cad lick bragged about his connections with three-letter agencies
With paul cottrell taking paul cottrell's questions seriously
Actually lending credibility to a fake doctor
Who in my mind
It's extraordinary to think that somebody like robert wallace malone would be on in august of 2021
After being on brett wine steins podcast
slumming
with paul cottrell
An obvious fraud
I mean, it's pathetic even kevin mccairn
His schtick was built around the idea that that that that paul cottrell was a fraud part of his his schtick for the whole
2020 was that paul cottrell is selling selling
selling silver supplements or some shit
And
As i've said yesterday and we'll say again part of the schtick
That these people have played on each other and other people that have tried to
Get their message out through them is that they they make these little arguments between each other and pretend that you know like uh
I don't know steve doesn't agree with brett and so there's some there's some
You know
Debate that you should take a side on and then if you take a side of steve curse and steve curse will make you feel like
He agrees with you and you are together in opposing the idea of brett
And then so it really feels like they're paying attention to you when in reality. They're just they're just screwed around
And they did this on telegram gab signal anywhere that they existed. That's the that's the joke that these people are
And I think some of the biggest players are people like kevin mccurnan who have been involved in
Wrangling these cats since the very beginning and the best example I have
How early is the korman jorston report?
Kevin mccurnan is on a paper not objecting to pcr testing for coronavirus but objecting to the the primers set that they chose
And i'm just going to throw this speculation out there i'm willing to bet that that that
Michael eden doesn't know enough about pcr primers to have written a paper about objecting about the pcr primers
I'm willing to bet that that the other people on that paper a lot of them are not sophisticated enough clear kleg
Claire kreg you think so
What about thomas bender do you think he knows a lot about pcr primers
i'm not saying thomas benders a bad guy i'm saying that he got roped in to that paper
Kevin mccurnan and by the other guy that organized it that
That other name i can't remember it anymore, but it's it's the first author of that paper i believe
Peter borger is another person that i'm not sure
Is a bad guy or a good guy but was definitely involved in that paper and setting this
This group of people up to be dissidents and beyond the same team and agree about stuff
And then what that also did of course was it put kevin mccurnan very early in contact with
The people that probably needed the most con the most control
The ones that have turned out to be the most problem
How is it that kevin mccurnan mister human genome project mister?
Applied biosystems mister marble head mansion guy
With $10,000 cats is having a paper about pcr primers not objecting to using pcr
But objecting to the who getting a paper published so quick with the wrong primers
Why would he be on that paper? Why would he be on that paper unless the idea was to introduce a an expert
To them so that they themselves would never think that they needed to dig themselves out of a
A coronavirus mystery that involved lying about a pcr test because we have this great expert kevin mccurnan on the paper with us
And he explained what's going on. He's written a great paper that really
It's just mind-blowing how smart he is because he talks about primer dimers and and melting points and oh my gosh
He's this is just great. I got to put my name on this paper for sure because we got to end this ship
And that was in 2020 and it's been going on for four years that player has been on my stream twice
Trying to tell me that i'm doing the right thing and explaining to me how they
RNA was not right or that there are stop codons that can happen with the chemical alterations or that there could be frame shifts
And the moment he couldn't convince me that RNA virology was definitely real and that infectious clones were just a distraction
As soon as he couldn't convince me of that he had to block me on twitter had to start attacking me and calling me a fool
even though we were on a stream
In in in march of 2023 where I explained the clone theory and he fumbled the ball like four times
So, what do you mean j?
So, what do you mean j? I don't understand j. I don't get it j. What about exo exo nj and every time he tried to lob something at me
I just kind of threw it back to him like I already read that paper
No, not like that
Because he was distorting the idea trying to make it seem like I hadn't found what I had found
But that's really what we found there is no doubt in my mind that that's what those people up in the top corner are hiding as well
Because if you're not sophisticated enough to say that they've been lying about viruses, but the observations aren't fake
Then you are essentially dismissing
thousands and thousands of human hours of work as fake instead of misinterpreted
Just
Instead of being a very complicated picture of biology of ourselves where our immune system and all the tissues in our body during health and disease
Communicate with small vesicles that contain genetic information on them
We have been led to believe that all of this is outside of us and the only other alternative that we've been given since the beginning of the pandemic
Is up there which is that there are none of viruses at all
There are no signals at all none of this
I don't we and the funny part is is that I'm starting to get these emails where people say so those people up there have explained
Where disease comes from already in 2020?
What's your explanation for disease and now you see the other side of the trick?
It's just like the clones thing it is just like the PCR thing
It's just like
Transfection they want you
After having called 911
Before they're gonna believe you that there's some crime happening they want you to explain the details of the motivation of the murderer
They want you to explain the the motivations of the person that just broke into your house
They want you to explain why it is that the attacker that you're calling the the
Criminal is doing what he or she is doing. They don't want they want an explanation
And so if you say that virology has been lying now all of a sudden that it's my obligation to explain disease
Imagine that
Imagine if you said for example that I don't think that what they said happened on 9-11 happened and that they were no one would listen to you until you
Had a had an explanation for it
And that's the that's the joke
Right, that's the joke
Because there are no viruses
And and and water and 5g
And tie in all those things together with with some mealy mouth 10 minute presentation doesn't make knowledge
It doesn't make understanding and my argument would be just like Mike Edens
We're not sophisticated enough right now to be able to just pull our heads out and then know
How disease works if these people and their their mentors
And their mentors before them have been lying about this biology for a couple decades. We're not going to just be able to go
Oh, yeah, it's this instead and that's what's the problem with those people
That's the trap that they represent
You're not going to usefully help your children by telling them that these are the biologists
You should pay attention to you're going to help your children by telling them that they themselves need to work hard to understand what's going on
They themselves need to seek out the sacred in the irreducible complexity of our biology
Because having someone like them or someone like these people over there help you out with it
You will never find it
I would argue you'd be better off doing yoga trying to find the sacred biology in yourself or meditation or
Playing basketball or trying to get into CrossFit and see if you can work out hard enough to vomit a couple times
Before you realize how connected your mind and body are
Before you realize how much of a symphony of biology
The creator gave you and you have not been using it because social media divorces your body from your mind
That sitting on a chair eight hours a day doesn't just ruin your back why i'm standing today, but it also divorces your mind from your body
Body was a temple was something my grandma used to always say to me. You never hear that now
I don't hear my my kids by ed teachers telling them that it's it's actually
Terrifying how long I can stay on this slide because this is the reality in which we live right now. This is it. This is the answer
And there are some people over here on the screen that could be pulled out
Of this group could be pulled out of this some of them. I think could be pulled out
Kevin McCurnan will never wake up because he has been a part of this
He used to work for the department of energy ladies and gentlemen as part of the human genome project
Which was basically as secret as nuclear weapons for a while
And he was able to take some patents out of that work and sell them and make companies and so
His family his brothers were rich when his dad was already in biotech
And then the brothers all went on
On the front of newspapers and stuff. These are not suffering individuals
These are individuals who are an intimate part of a real gear in this machine
And make no mistake about it his interest in genetics of cannabis is his interest in
in
Using genetics in plants is no different than
It's transplantism, right? It's it's it's messing around with stuff that i'm i'm pretty sure we should
be messing around with
And he wants to go into virions which are naked RNAs that can infect these plants and it's probably true
But he will distort it as a pathogenic process
He will distort it as something that he has a solution for he will distort it into something that he has tests for
And he knows he's going to get away with it
He knows because they've already told him this is the next thing
So you know take care of this stuff make sure that everybody focuses on buck halter and and the double stranded dna
And we'll take care of the rest
I'm sure he is absolutely one of the worst players in this because he had too much contact with me for him not to be
It would be so easy for him to have called me and tried to be my friend
Called me and tried to convince me of stuff work together to try and understand
the subtleties of what
These so-called infectious clones these pure dna and rna
Transfections and transformations that they put on cell cultures. What could they really result in or not?
But instead he has fought tooth and nail to make sure that nobody ever looks at that again
And just make sure that he says apple back a few times and and tries to equivolate
the
the use of dna and rna molecular clones
Transforming and transfecting cell cultures as being basically a good proxy for virology, which is the
central lie
More or less, I guess that AIDS is based on that that that human
T cell lymph leukemia viruses and and and even uh xmorv they're all based on these kinds of experiments
That are essentially transformation and transfection experiments that these people have agreed to agree
represent high fidelity virology
It's high fidelity because we make you know a pure molecule so we can study it even better
They're not studying anything. They're not studying a phenomenon. They are creating a field
Which bamboozles us into believing that biology that is most likely our own and the and and and part of every other
highly complex life form on the planet
And pretend that it's totally a signal outside of us and they all agree to be
Part of this governing structure that's based on this mythology every one of them
And i'm telling you ladies and gentlemen the idea for example that robert malone is mad about sashalatapova is fake
Just like the idea that robert malone is mad about george web is fake
How could it possibly be that he's mad about george web when he puts links in to george web's
60 minutes episode in his sub stack
And how could george web be a bad guy if george web says that and paul cotrell is one of the biggest md heroes
doctor heroes of the pandemic and robert malone was on a podcast being interviewed by
paul cotrell multiple times in 2021 are we to believe that paul cotrell fooled
robert malone into believing that he was a legitimate legitimate
medical care professional
Are we are we to believe that robert malone was fooled by that other dude that was hosting the show the
Whatever it was called black and white podcast what
Is that what we're supposed to believe just like we were supposed to believe that robert malone got lied to by peter colis
About the the localization of the lipid nanoparticle
And that's the only reason why he took it because he was well aware that that was a problem
And he wouldn't have taken it because he knew that was a problem except peter colis told him that they'd solved that problem
So he took the shock so he didn't say that peter lied, but he kind of said peter lied because we have a video of peter
In 2022 saying that we never solved that problem. He admitted it in an open lecture
2022 so it's strange that peter would have said that to robert malone unless maybe somebody lied to peter
Maybe peter's not that smart
Maybe peter's kind of naive and if somebody said oh it works, then he would say wow
That's great and open a scotch before he ever thought very deeply about it. It's possible
But then we're supposed to believe what that he forgot his card when he went to roem with
Stephen Hatfield or that Stephen Hatfield tells that story, but it's a lie
Ladies and gentlemen, robert malone's story doesn't add up robert malone's behavior doesn't add up robert malone's story changes over the
Three years that he became public and a lot of these people down there. They all seem to ignore it. They don't want to admit it
Think about the fact that kevin mccain
Some some clown in in in japan who has been saying that there might be a billion people dead
And has been saying that it's a gain of function lab leak since it was
Ridiculously cool to say it in 2020
Has been saying worst case scenario since the very beginning and now his worst case scenario involves a virus
And the combination of a bio weapon injection that was you know designed to work together or something
Think about that guy right there has no critiques for robert malone
That guy there who opposed paul katrel in 2020 because I was on streams with him. I have got recordings. We could watch
That guy who was communicating me with behind the scenes with phone calls and or or or
Emails talking about how we should make sure we oppose some of these ideas of paul katrel together
This guy has made no no criticisms of robert malone at all
It's like he doesn't even exist even though he is is is used hours and hours to
Make fun of me and his meme people have used hours and hours to make fun of me kevin mccain won't touch robert malone
Won't touch him
I
Ladies and gentlemen, I think that this is it. I think this is the brick wall what you see right here
In the interview with paul katrel in 2021 robert malone refers to the intellectual dark web
And refers to it as a good thing refers to himself as being a part of it
I
Ladies and gentlemen, they didn't think we were going to get this far
They didn't think that we were actually going to figure it out
They didn't think that mark and I would ever take each other seriously and they were working very hard behind the scenes to make sure we wouldn't
Somebody told mark very early on that I was a fake christian
Somebody told me very early on that I should be careful of mark because he's so connected to george web and george web is definitely an idiot
And that was pretty obvious to me so I was pretty worried about mark
And then at some point george web had an absolute meltdown and did a twitter space where he called both mark and I
Really bad names and said that we were terrible for having attacked
Paul katrel and calling out paul katrel is a fake he totally doubled down on paul katrel
So now you there you have it
There's no it's no more mistaking it anymore
The list that robert malone put out was a fake list
And the list included people that i've always identified as bad and people didn't believe me
Including mary holland on the list
Including george web on the list
Including sashalata pova on the list all fake it's all part of the same network of bullshit
Designed to create a lollapalooza of dissidents that you could choose a particular stage from and watch
And never get your kids out
That's what this is
That's why poly the amazing poly hasn't gotten this far
It's just the wellness company and a bunch of people on a on a on a new narrative network
It's
It's too big of a picture
Jimmy dor and and russell brand maybe maybe
Already playing for the same group of weaponized piles of money
But what I need you to see is that there is a very specific group of people that has controlled the covid narrative
A very specific group of people that has been there to control the covid narrative
That is separate and different from these monkeys that were put in place at the beginning of the pandemic and before to be just kind of
generally present
These podcasts like
like joe rogan and bret wine stein and eric wine stein and
Shapiro and rubin and
pool and cedar and all this
This bros with shows on the internet were put there to be like nightly news stations
They weren't put there to be experts on particular things. That's why bret wine stein is casting such a large net of
evolutionary biology and the kinds of things that he can apply the evolutionary paradigm to
You know complex systems is my specialty so I can talk about whatever I want to that's because he's a nightly news
intellectual dark web
Professional
Slaver
Working for the weaponized piles of money that are enslaving us that are
Slowly executing a controlled demolition of the republics of the west and they are playing for those those teams
That's why robert melon and and andy
Andrew huff did some podcast together until we shredded andrew huff and now you know, they pretty much can't do that anymore
That's why he stopped working with paul cattrell because that didn't work out. It wasn't they were off script a long time ago, ladies and gentlemen
They were off script a long time ago because they didn't get 80 or 90
Noncompliance in the first year like they hoped they would
The zero covid arguments that were being made didn't take like they hoped they would people like mike eden and wolf gang wodock and in america
You can really easy forget that kenut with koski also spoke out very
Volhymantly about reopening schools in 2020 and they wrecked him
They wrecked him
And they don't want you to know it they don't none of these people want you to know that
J about a charia and the rest of the great barrington declaration
Don't want you to realize that kenut with koski said it months before they did and pointed out why
And they were still arguing for a lockdown of old people
And probably for the application of the back scene to old people they were not the resistors that we were told they were
Because they also supported this and and edified this limited spectrum of debate and never questioned the idea of a pandemic in the first place
Even though they were epidemiologists and could have had the data or could have called out the fact that we don't have enough data
Or that the the data in new york is is weird
And they didn't don't you see they didn't they still haven't done it
These amazing epidemiologists that supposedly were smart enough to put the great barrington declaration yet still ignore jessica
And the now public data in new york that doesn't fit their basic models of respiratory viral spread
You don't think gupta or or bada chara or the or cold or could could look at that and go wow, maybe jessica's right
That's what i see and i don't want to be this guy but nobody's helping us
Because nobody's talking about the bodies that were floating in the pool from the very beginning
Everybody's pretending that the drownings didn't happen in order to scare people into into taking a life jacket
Even though the pool is only four feet deep and it's full of bodies
We've been told that all those people died in the pool because you know, they didn't have their life jacket on
But their heads were all held under the water before you got there
And we were told that if you don't put on a life jacket, we could all drown in this pool
But the pool had we same time we have people arguing no way the pool could drown us the pool is only
Six inches deep. They're totally lying about the danger of the pool
No, they're lying about the fact that the people who are dead in the pool were murdered
Trying to pretend that they don't really know why those people are dead
But whoever they're dead they didn't die from the from the water so we don't need life preservers
So then how did they die they were murdered and those people can't say murder those people over there can't say murder
Nobody says murder but but you know this guy and this guy and that guy and they don't even really say murder only I do in mark
And we do need to say it we do need to say that they killed people to create this illusion
I think Mike Eden should say that they killed people to create the illusion
I think I think also Thomas binder and and denny ran core the only conclusion you can come to if there wasn't a risk additive
Novel spreading pathogen in any of the data that we see
Is that they lied about it and in order to lie about it they needed excess deaths
And so they needed to find as many ways as possible to create those excess deaths
And then put people in place to make sure that we didn't ask the right questions that would find those excess deaths
I have seen the alien ladies and gentlemen and so every day I got to spend a little time
working through
Telling people that I've seen the alien that they can't see
And so I apologize if this gets gets tiring
But it's just the way it's going to be and so we're always going to have show at like 11 o'clock because 10 o'clock to 11 o'clock
It's always going to be trying to recapitulate this trying to catch another person to understand
How effective it is when two people
lie to you never mind four five or six or seven or eight or a hundred
Which is closer to where we were in the pandemic with people like nurse erin and and and paul cotrell and george web and
and robert malone and maryll nass and and steve kershen and hert bunden bosshen and
And and andrew huffin mccernan and cori
All of these people who have chosen to tell one little part of the story never question r&a virology
Never use the word transfection and completely ignore me
Since about 2023 when I finally could succinctly explain why r&a virology might be a problem
And why these people might be working very hard to make sure that we don't actually figure it out
That was like annoying
They didn't they didn't like it and neither did they
That I could say well actually you both might be right and maybe if we could get together
Under the understanding of what r&a virology is that maybe we would get there none of them none of them want that none of them wanted it
Thank you
And that's a problem
And that's a continuing problem. We're always going to have this problem. This is always going to be the story now
I don't think they have any more permutations of the story. There's no more moves they can make
What are they going to do bring some more actors out to to oppose
Some more actors to say oh, it's the shocks. Oh my goodness. It's the lipid nanoparticle
I'm sure the lipid nanoparticle is also nasty
I'm sure of it
But you don't think robert melon could have known that because peter
Peter colas lied to me otherwise I would have known that the lipid nanoparticle was also dangerous
Isn't that the conclusion that we should come to given what he just said on steve curse's podcast three days ago
That podcast with steve curse is going to be needed to be erased. That's how bad it is
Because robert melon thinks I think somehow that he that nobody sees
But we see it
And a lot of people are starting to see it
And that's why I think in that podcast they had to triple down on the idea that nobody sees it
And then i'm just a legendary
whistleblower
Which is how steve curse treats him
Or at least titles that there is an absolute lapping stock to me right now
It's a laughing stock to me
Sash a lot to pova is a laughing stock. I mean
George web is a laughing stock and I really do believe that that that robert melon is an absolute laughing stock
We are being manipulated on the dissident side by people that the rest of the world doesn't even know exist
And we've been arguing with them when the rest of the world doesn't even know they exist most normal
skilled tv watchers have no clue that any of these performers even exist
And yet we've been wasting all of our time trying to convince them that our ideas mean something or that people were murdered
And we keep thinking that they're listening to us for three years
But they were never ever ever ever
Going to say what needed to be said and I am one of the few people who knows exactly how malevolent they've been because I know how long they've known
Some of them have known for more than three and a half years
And that should make you so pissed off you can barely breathe
Ladies and gentlemen, they lied about a dangerous novel virus
And if you want to understand why you have to use infectious clone as a search term on PubMed
It's not that it's a great term. It's a term that they made up. So it's just as dumb as the infectious cycle cartoon
But infectious clone is the way to use PubMed to understand how this illusion was created over many decades
If uh
If del is asking the wrong questions
Under coercion or asking the wrong questions under duress then you know del could be a good guy
There's lots of other people and I can though
And uh erin siri is one of them erin siri is
Interesting because he never talks about the the bicp or the cicp
in these two kangaroo courts that they
Deal with vaccine injuries and he's never talked about them as being a seventh amendment violation of our constitutional right to sue for damages never
And he doesn't talk very often about how we could just strike the prep act by
Trying to get a case to pursue that and why is that?
I believe because you kind of have a conflict of interest if you bring cases to the cicp or the vicp as a lawyer
You can't really then also simultaneously say that that's unconstitutional because by taking people
To that court you essentially are telling them that it's legitimate and then you can't at the same time as you
Consul them to use that court also in another way say that that court's unconstitutional
It's very conflicting and then
On top of that of course you may or may not be aware
But the cicp and the vicp are the only place in the legal system
Where the losing lawyers are also fully compensated for their time
I want you to think just carefully about what that ethically creates for lawyers and if you can't get there in a couple seconds i'll tell you
But part of the reason why it's difficult to bring suit
If you're not a lawyer is because you need to hire a lawyer to do it and
If the lawyer thinks that they're going to lose then they obviously know that they will not get their fees paid
So the lawyers in the real world of criminal law are
under some professional constraint to take cases that they think they can win
Whereas in the cicp and the vicp there is no
There is no reason to do that because even if you know the case is going to lose
You could spend hundreds of hours on it and bill it all and the crazy part is is that before a decision is made they'll already pay you
I
Mean the problem with this is is that I want to do other things
I want to bring other ideas and and be positive every morning for you
But we are in a dire situation right now and so it's it's of utmost importance to me to get this off of my chest every day
And to take another swing at expressing these ideas because
I really do I have come to believe it with all of my heart and soul
And that's why I'm putting my my family in front of this train
Because I think that they have been under the realization that this whole charade was about to break
And that trump selection may have been
I don't know
I do know that that whatever is happening right now is not something that started in 2020 with confusion
But started in 2020 in 2020 as a continuum of a plan that it started earlier
That included people in place on the internet so that when that pandemic was declared the illusion of consensus would be
absolute
And the illusion of consensus would not be absolute on tv but also on social media
So get ready for a an extreme gear shift as we move from saying stop
To moving to saying stop lying
And in this case we are going to move to saying stop lying with the idea of mindless statistics
So this a talk that we're going to watch today is by gert giga renzer who is a german
Who I had the privilege to meet in uh april of this year at the broken science initiative meeting in
2024 thanks to the generous greg glassman
who has been
allowing me to participate in this in this initiative and and interact with some of the people that are that are
Providing the the content and ideas like malcom kendrick and and uh richard kimbal and and
matt briggs and also gert giga renzer who I actually had the hilarious privilege of riding around in a waymo in
In arizona while I was there with him because he really
Wanted to try the no
Driving car but you need to have a cell phone in america to do it
And so I volunteered to take him and it was it was kind of a fun ride and then it dropped us off ridiculously far from our hotel because it didn't have any
Potential place to park by that we didn't know how to use it and it's weird
And so it's suggested to drop us off somewhere nearby our hotel and then we had like a 20 more minute walk
Anyway, and so I actually
In the brief period of time that I was in in
Arizona for that meeting got to know gert quite well because then the next day we saw each other again and of course we were
We were
You know good buddies and he heard that my wife was dutch and that we lived in holland and so on that walk and that that ride we
We became sort of I don't know if we became friends, but i'm pretty confident that
That gert will be on the show at some point
We've already agreed that that will happen, but I wanted to make sure that I give adequate
um
Introduction to him. I don't want to have him come on the show and give a talk that he's already given
When we could learn and and see that talk and then look at some of his papers before we have him on
So that we could have some kind of advanced discussion about what he does
Um, so this is gert gigareanser and I think it's going to be a nice talk
I think you'll enjoy it a lot
There's a little time there where some longhair is in the way of the camera and uh, don't don't think that's me because that's me
um, so this was recorded with me in the room and
In the question and answer I ask a question, but I don't think it's as good a question
as
It's not formulated as well as it could be so I might not
Allow this to go all the way to the end because I don't think it's necessary
The main thing I want to do is introduce you to gert and introduce you to his idea
Which he's been publishing about for quite some time
Um, and that oh, sorry. I didn't need to do that darn it darn it darn it darn it
I have this new setup here not new setup, but I had a
The opportunity to bring a screen from the
From the Mac over here, and so I have the video on this side
So that means I can go back and forth between my slides whenever I want to without having to drop them back and forth
It's a slightly better than it used to be. It's just you know me having fun
Gotta make this fun somehow besides besides the funny noises
Is that plain?
I
Today I will talk about our striking leap of assistance and ornament
in the social and biomedical sciences
mindless statistics
Let me begin with a story
Herbert Simon is the only person
Who have received both the Nobel Prize in economics and the Turing Award in computer science the two highest distinctions in both disciplines
Shortly before he died, that's my head herb sent me a letter in which he mentioned
What has frustrated him?
Almost more than anything else. Yeah, I can speak during his scientific career. I'll speak it
Just a little bit significant testing
now he
wrote the frustration does not lie
in the statistical test themselves, but
in the stubbornness with which social scientists hold a misapplication
That is consistently announced by professional statisticians
Herbert Simon was not alone
the mass mass mathematicians aren't done can lose
spoke of
mindless hypothesis testing in lieu of doing good science
the
experimental psychologist have been boring
spoke of a meaningless ordeal of pedantic calculations and
a Paul Meale the academic psychologist and a former president of the American Psychological Society
called significance testing
one of the worst things that have ever happened to psychology
What is going on? Why these emotions?
What could be wrong with what most psychologists social scientists and biomedical scientists are doing
In this talk, I will explain what is going wrong
the institutionalization of a statistical ritual instead of good statistics
I will explain what the ritual is. I will explain how it fuels the replication crisis
how it brings blind spots in the mind of
the researchers and also
how it creates a conflict for
researchers young and old between
doing good science and doing everything to get a significant result
Okay, so I want to stop it here an example
I gave a lecture. Come on. Oh, no, sorry. I had to do it that way. I forgot what computer I was using
So there you go. Um, I'm going to turn my voice down a little bit because I have I have your gert turned up
Um, I just want to throw out a question there for you just to make sure that we're all on the same page here
um
Just to ask you a question really simply if I say that I did an experiment and the p-value is below
0.05
Does that mean that if I do the experiment again
95% of the time I will get the right the same result
Yes or no
So p-value of 0.05 means that if I did this experiment again 95% of the time
I would get this result or does it mean that only 5% of the time I would get this result
It's actually neither, right? It's neither
And that's one of the things that I
As an at a catamagician a well-trained catamagician didn't understand when I was doing it
I thought that the whole idea was to take enough measurements until there was a p-value that was significant
And then that when the p-value became significant now you had
Knowledge now you had an observation that was worth talking about
And I didn't understand what I was doing that this was a ritual that had something to do with a hidden no hypothesis that was absolute bullshit
And so I'm hoping that that's what gert's going to bring through here
Is the idea that we have been consciously and intelligently manipulated as a species as a population
For decades and unfortunately that includes at the academy level
Where we have been bamboozled into believing that statistics can be used as a way of
discerning knowledge from
From of noise and and distilling knowledge into understanding and it's completely wrong
Um, so I'm really excited to do this show
Go ahead
Also on the important of trust and honesty in science
After I finished
In the discussion section a student from an ivy league university stood up and said told me
You can afford
To follow the rules of science. I can't
I have to publish and get a job
My own advisor tells me to do anything to get a significant result
That's known as slicing and dicing data or also pea hacking
so um
It'd be interesting to go back to virology and find how often they actually didn't even care about statistics
It'd be very interesting to go back to virology and see how many of those papers were not doing this but
We don't we don't have time to do that today
The student is not to blame. He was honest
But he has to go through a ritual that is not in the service of science
So let me start
with the replication crisis
So every couple of weeks the media proclaims the discovery of a new tumor marker
That promises personalized diagnostic or even treatment of king. Here we go
And medically researched tumor research is even more productive
everyday four to
five studies
report at least one
significant new
marker that
And
Nevertheless despite this mass of results few have been replicated and even fewer have been put into clinical practice
When a team of hundred scientists at the bio
Take company angiom try to replicate the findings of 53 landmark studies
They succeeded only with six
when the
Pharmaceutical company
bio
examined
67 projects on oncology women's health and cardiovascular medicine
They were able to replicate only 40
So
What do you do when your doctor prescribes your drug based on a brain about trials that showed that's efficient
But then it seems to fade away
Now
Medical research seems to be preoccupied by producing non reproducible results
Ian traumas
one of the founders of the Cochrane society and
Paul clasium chair of the international society
for evidence-based health care
estimated that
85 percent of medical research
is avoidably wasted
And
They estimated a loss of 170 billion dollars every year worldwide
So that's a great way to enslave people isn't it would be a great way to create a mythology would be to spend 170 billion dollars every year on bullshit research
And that's what they do
They spend billions of dollars every year getting people to study like genetic correlations with autism in models in mice
genetic models of autism in mice which presuppose the idea that one particular gene might play a role
And so if we knock out that gene or alter that gene in this mouse and it has
Some p-value measurable difference in its behavior that we can call it a model of autism
And then people after us can call it a model of autism
And then people after us will believe that this gene has something to do with autism
And then eventually we can have some dude
And eventually we can have some dude, oh it's even cramping in my hamstrings
It's all just a bad right side in
2016 right a bullshit book that says the environmental and genetic causes of autism
Instead of a book that says, you know
Vaccination is a criminal
The vaccination schedule is criminal in america and we should do something about it. It's like uh
You know make it open. Maybe it's even viruses for all I know james lion's wiler might think that too
That's how much of a fraud I think he is
And it's unfortunate because ipac has a lot of people that like them
And i'm sure there are probably lots of people that are really nice at ipac
But what's this guy's problem for me?
This bullshitter knew about the fear and cleavage site and wrote a blog post about it in february of 2020
And there's no way in god's green earth you can convince me that this charlatan knew that the fear and cleavage site
Which is only a few bases was a significant indicator of a lab leak
It was given that tip just like he was told right this book and it'll be great
Because it'll make the autism moms feel like somebody's listening to him
But it also won't threaten the vaccine schedule at all
And I think you'll find that pattern holds true
Even with
With with other book companies you'll see they might publish an anti-vax book and then they'll publish a couple
Bullshit books alongside of it
And I think this guy is fake because of the fear and cleavage site before that
I didn't really know but he used to live in pittsburgh for all of 2020
He lived in pittsburgh and guess who he wouldn't talk to for 2020. That's right jc on a bike
Guess who this guy never shook hands with all the times we saw each other at chd conferences guess who just smiled and walked past
James lion's wiler
When I sent emails about him, I call him james lion winer
Because I think he's one of the fakest of all these dissidents and he was put in place
To do in all his bullshit during the time when backs came out during the time when unfortunately on the today show
A hollywood movie star called out some bullshit
That momentum needed control ladies and gentlemen
They needed to vent some of that
And so they vented through people like james lion
Weiner
They vented through stupid books that don't actually tell you the truth
Who little did you know they have encouraged those people to write those books
Oh
My back of hamstrings are killing me right now on my right side. It's it's brutal. I don't know if i'm gonna make it through this
I'm sorry. I'm not trying to be a weak ass. I'm trying to say that
Might need to rest
Put my leg up here on this table
Ships, okay. I'm just gonna keep going but I can go on and on about this because they're they're obvious now
You know the first person to write about james lion's wilders blog about the fear and cleavage site
It was one of the first citations in harvard to the big house's original article
About the lab leak that got published on on on on zero hedge and that he actually linked to my bike rides in
That's right
Now you see it and who did dan seratkin who did his dad work for los alamos laboratories
That's not just nobody lady
He worked on genetic sequencing algorithms
So that's somebody who could definitely know the transfection and transformation would have been pretty stupid and healthy individuals
And yet his son is the guy that was supposedly blowing the whistle the earliest his son
I mean
And then that's how I got involved in drastic in 2020
That's how I got involved in the day trading with with these people on slack
And that I realized that yuri dagan had to be fake because he was in that day trading group
But he blocked me and and and threw me out of his group of drastic because I didn't want to talk about
The origins of the virus. I wanted to talk about transfection and transformation
See ladies and gentlemen, we are being lied to
Consistently to cover up something that has needed covering up for a lot longer than the start of the pandemic
It's billions of wasted dollars
Being used actively to create the illusion of pandemic potential to create the illusion of the need for public health
To create the illusion of genetic causes of all these diseases and therefore we need to look at your genes
We need your genes. We need your data because it's all genetics
It can't be the pollution it can't be the processed food
It can't be the shitty pharmaceuticals that we prescribe instead of helping you to get healthier
It's got to be viruses. It's got to be disease. It's got to be public health. It's got to be you're broken
And that's what Garrett is referring to at the helicopter level about how this is done
It's just done because if you want to be malevolent
And and this is the way science is done. It's pretty easy to be malevolent
It doesn't mean all scientists are malevolent. It doesn't mean all science is bad
It means exactly what i've said with regard to these people on the screen
See this is where I think it'll be good because I can just go back and get up here
That's exactly what all these people did they tricked us
And so when I say that these people are protecting something i'm talking about all of these people right here
They are protecting something that the people on that t-shirt screen
And part of what they are protecting is this illusion that knowledge has been created over these many years
Why do I say that because
Kevin McCurnan is one of the people who has to protect the most
Because as I've been calling out off and out on this stream, I believe that the human genome project was a lie
I'm not saying they didn't do anything
I'm saying what they said they did and what they actually did is not the same and mark lander and some of these people have been telling us for years
They made some landmarks. They found some landmarks that they can use to look at one genome to the other genome
They didn't sequence the whole human genome and now they know where all the genes are
They made restriction enzyme maps
Of the human genome that would allow them to compare those landmarks across other human genomes
That's what they did make no mistake about it
Any other details to that may have come later
But the way that
Genomic
Association studies are done where you can blame a genetic cause on autism is done with these
Magic tricks and these rituals of statistics
That identify the genes in the first place and then if you make a knockout mouse of a gene and it has some some
Some behavioral phenotype would you really be surprised?
And yet then you go on and you test the p-value difference between the wild type mouse and the knockout mouse and since there's a significant difference
Now you've created knowledge and maybe even a model of autism
Please see how malevolent it is that that people like me
Get trained in such a way that we could actually
Get sucked into this and become part of this system where everybody just agrees. This is the way it is
You just got to get good at it so that nobody thinks you're doing it badly
if you cut the sausage well
And can make the story good then you're considered a great scientist if you don't cut the story so well
Then you just don't get tenure
But if you can find a way to make it work for you this system is great and that's what a lot of these people have done
I'm gonna have to quit sooner. I'm gonna have to figure out another way
To get going here. Maybe I need to drink more water
Um, okay, so I'm going back to this one and we'll get this going
The discovery that too many
The scientific results appear to be false alarms has been baptized the
replication crisis
In recent years, I do and I do I think that's very right. I think it's very good that thoranos failed
It's very good. That would have been a disaster
Often young researchers
Have tried to systematically it could have also failed on purpose to make sure that we think that when people are frauds
They get caught and when people aren't frauds, they don't get caught or they they they they succeed
They could have also been that kind of thing
to what degree the problem is and typically the
results show that between a third and two-thirds of
published findings cannot be replicated and among those who can be replicated the effect size
is on average half
So
In medical research for instance the efficacy of anti-depressants
plummeted drastically from study to study
And the second generation anti-psychotics that earned Eli Lilly a fortune
Seem to lose their efficacy when retested
Which would explain why a lot of these anti-depressants would be wanting to be recycled as
Repurposed drugs by people like Steve Kirsch or
Robert Malone who have been working for these same weaponized piles of money their whole lives
Right make perfect sense
Let's take something that we know didn't work for one thing and see if we can repurpose it for another why didn't it work?
Well, because depression was
Defined by p-values because depression was defined by p-values
Therefore, you could measure the depression in a subjective way and then and then orchestrate p-values and then sell products
Billions of dollars were at stake. Of course, they'll fake shit
And we can do it with with the statistical ritual of p-hacking
It's interesting how the scientific community reacted
So what would it do if your result that made you famous
disappears
Some researchers like the psychologist jonathan schooler
faced the problem and tried to think about
what's the reason and
jonathan came up
with the idea of cosmic habituation
In his words
It was as if nature gave me this great result and then tried to take it back
unbelievable
The New Yorker called this the true spheres of phenolmen truth wears off
Reacted so as a real researchers reacted differently
And we're not happy
with those who tried to replicate their studies and failed
And waged personal attacks on those
speaking of I quote replication police
shameless little bullies
which hunts
all compared them to this dasi
nice
So
Here we are at the beginning of the 21st century
one of the most cited claims in the social and biomedical sciences was i can't do any
I'll need is
most scientific
In 2017
Just to give a hint about the possible political consequences. Okay, I'll be fine
The news website right part dot com
Headliner claim by worton school professor scott armstrong
That I quote fewer than one percent
In of papers in scientific journals follow scientific method end of quote
Now
We have seen in this country and we're also other countries politicians trying to cut down funding of research
And if they would read more about this, they would be more going in this
In this direction
And those who point out that so many results are not I did a replicable they face a double problem
They want to save science at the same time to run the danger
That maybe Donald Trump someone else will use this to cut funding totally down
Oh, that's an interesting thing. So how did we get there?
The replication crisis has been blamed
on
Economic on false economic incentives like publish and perish
and
I want to make a point today
That we need to go beyond the important role of external incentives
and focus on an internal
a problem that fuels the replication crisis
And
This is the factor that good scientific practice has been replaced by a statistical ritual
My point is
Researchers follow this ritual not
Because or they're not only because of external pressure. No
They have internalized the ritual
And many generally believe in it
And that can be seen most clearly by the delusions they have about the p-value the product of the ritual
So statistical methods are not just applied to a science. They can change the entire science
So think about parapsychology
Which once was the study
Um, I'm going to just answer a question in the chat giga ohm does not have anything to do with g proteins g proteins are
Are a protein signaling mechanism part of g protein coupled receptors
And so no giga ohm means giga
as in
I think it's a million, you know like giga watt
in in the movie
In the movie back to the future gigawatts 1.21 gigawatts
Well giga ohms is is not watts, but it's ohm so it's a amount an amount of resistance
It's gigawatts. He said gigawatts, but it's really gigawatts
Oh, sorry
Messages by the deal departed
And it turned into the study of repetitive court guessing
Because that's what the statistic method demanded
In a similar way
The social sciences have been changed by the introduction of statistical inference
And typically social science scientists first encountered
Sir Ronald Fisher's theories
And particular his 1935 book he wrote three books
The first was too much about
Agriculture and manure
And technically too difficult for most social scientists, but the second one was just right
And it didn't smell anymore
I thought I started writing textbooks and then I became aware of
A competing theory by the Polish statistician jersey naman and the British statistician ego and piercing
Uh the fissure had a theory
So at least it's not a process testing where he had just one hypothesis naman insisted that you need two
Fisher had the PV a little computed after the experiment
Naman appears insisting to do everything in advance. I've just
Gave you an idea about the fundamental differences and I give you an idea about the flavor of the cone controversy
Fisher rendered naman's theory as childish and horrifying for the freedom of the west
And linked naman peers in theory to starlings five-year program
Also to americans who cannot distinguish or don't want to distinguish within making money and doing science
Incidentally naman was born in russia and moved to gurgling the u.s
And uh naman for his part responded to the sum of fissures
Tests and said these are in a mathematically specified sense worse than useless
What he meant was that that the power was smaller than alpha
Such in uh the famous
uh lady key test
So what do textbook writers do when there are two
different ideas about statistically inference one solution would have been
You present both
And maybe also base
Or two key
Anasos and teach
Researchers to use their judgment to develop a sense in what situation is start working and where it's better to do this
No, that was not what textbook writers were going for
They created a hybrid theory of statistical inference that didn't exist and doesn't exist in statistics proper
taking some parts for fissure some parts from naman
and
Adding their own parts mostly about the idea that scientific inference must be without any judgment
That's what I mean mindless automatic
There it is and the essence of this hybrid theory
Is the null ritual all right
No ritual has three steps first. This is the perfect part set up a null hypothesis of no mean differences or
zero correlation and most important
Do not specify your own hypothesis or theory?
No, it's prediction
second step
Use 5% as a convention
For it checking the null hypothesis if the test is significant claim victory for your hypothesis that you have never specified
If the test result
And report the test results as p smaller than 5% or 1% or 0.1%
whichever level is is met by
Your results and the third step is a unique step
It says always perform this procedure period
now
Niesa Fisher not to be sure naman peers would have approved of this procedure
And Fisher for instance said no scientific researcher will ever have the same level of his significant from experimental experiments
He will give us thoughts name and also and Pearson emphasized the role of judgment
Okay, so before we go any farther, I just want to give you one example of this so that you know exactly what i'm freaking talking about because i'm getting pissed
I'm getting angry
Um, and I don't like to be angry
But that's what I feel right now. I feel anger because people are not seeming to pay attention anymore
And uh, when you don't pay attention anymore, then you uh, you abdicate those responsibilities to others
And that drives me absolutely bananas
Um, and uh, so let's see if I can find this
Um video that I was watching already
I guess it would have been this one
Here and index is a great way to stabilize and get out the door and that is
One way that it's used in some hospital and server and it but in with the tight relationships there and there
So let's just look, you know, because that's what we really are trying to do. I don't want to take anything away from gert. Okay. That's not my plan
Um
I want you to pay close attention to gert. Um, but gert is giving us a 30,000 foot view
Of a system
From which these people have emerged and in fact they are trying to protect so what I want to do is just listen to a random
Portion of this to see if we can find any
Times when robert malone will refer to p values as knowledge. Okay
And and it's very interesting because we just heard gert kind of explain in a
In a german sort of way why randomize control trials don't give you any information and in fact the worse
They are designed the worst information that they will give you and they often don't even test a hypothesis
So in the case of covid
If you assume there's covid and then you look for statistical differences between two groups when there is no covid
What are you finding?
And of course that would have been what these people were involved in from the very beginning by assuming there's covid
And then doing clinical trials and reporting significant results
You are using
Paparian
falsification of a null hypothesis, which is what
Well, if there was no difference between these two groups then the then the statistics would show it
And since the statistics show difference between these groups then I guess my repurposed drug works
So it would be crazy right if in august of 2021
Talking to the obviously fake paul cotrell live
Still on youtube does anybody else not find it strange that this video wouldn't get a strike just because robert malone is supposedly this
ultra censored guy
That a month before this bret Weinstein lost the monetization of his channel and his
Income to his his family was threatened because he put his life on the line
And his livelihood on the line to give robert malone a place to talk on his on his stream
Isn't it kind of striking that this bullshit is still up on youtube
Because it is it's just that marks up re-uploading them again
You see the problem here
I
Mark does a stream about stanley plotkin and and hillary kaprowski and it gets a strike but but then what
Talks about murder he gets a strike but but paul cotrell and and darryl neely
discussing the finer points of
Of the pandemic with robert malone is totally okay, even though what? I guess robert malone wasn't very off narrative then was he?
Let's listen to this because this this first 10 minutes of this video is frickin unbelievable
Remember who he's talking to he's talking to paul frickin cotrell and somebody who was definitely at january 6th just like
um george web was for example
Let's just go from the beginning. I know it's not more than 15 minutes of this before we're going to be absolutely shocked
to murk vaccines under marice hillman for about nine million bucks
Then murk failed to deliver and develop a product given back to vikal
They continue to try to develop products for about 20 for the rest of the life of paten
um and uh well keeping out of people from doing it and then finally the patans expired and the fields took off
So meanwhile, I did a lot of additional work. I my wife and I uh were issued a fundamental patent that covered all vectors
uh
um technology for
Vaccine purposes via intranasal and mucosal administration. So this is covered adenoviral vectors
Aav or other methods as well as mRNA and DNA. So we have the broad patent for
um, holly nucleotide mucosal. So he wants you to believe
He wants you to believe that he has the patent for everything. He has the actual intellectual property patent. Although it's expired. I think
He wants you to believe he has the patent for av for mRNA. He came up with the whole idea of what
For me, it's very intellectually obvious
He came up with the idea of using transformation and transfection as a vaccine methodology
That's all
He came up with the idea and a lot of people tried it and it didn't work because of course it wouldn't work
But he came up with the idea and he's talking shit about coming up with the idea
But not talking shit about standing up for the fact that we shouldn't have rolled out an av
Remember he supposedly lost his career speaking out for jessie gelsinger
I wonder if he's going to say that to paul control in august of 21 or if he's going to wait until um, you know later
To whine about it later
Wine about it when everybody's forgotten what he has done in 2020 or what he did before june of 21
These people are malevolent
Participants working for the slavers ladies and gentlemen
And many other patents and and products
Marketed products having to do with the kennonic with the delivery technology as well as
uh delivery for vaccine purposes using post-electral fields
And we were involved in in the initial incorporation of a company called anovia, which is one of the other standard
uh technology platforms it's currently introduced
Now my understanding of that platform is that it's just presenting a protein
Yeah, isn't it? No, no, no. No, we sure that's that's using post-electral fields to deliver pulling nucleotides into skin and muscle
Oh, okay. Okay. So so so most most of your so he's being interviewed by paul control
This guy is one of the biggest shitheads out there
Maximum shithead
Because he had the the actual stick
That he was doing at the beginning of 2020 including on streams with me
Is that he was a doctor or a medical student or some expert that knew a hell of a lot more than I did
And now this piece of shit is talking to robert malone and robert malone is essentially rendering his four screen
bullshit
credibility
But he says that george web's a bad guy
Can't you see how?
Ridiculously damning this video is there's no other way to see it because it wasn't the only time that he was on with them
There's no other way to see it robert malone and jill were duped by paul cattrell and by george web really
They are part of the same show
The exact same show
Let's say patents or research has been on the the rna molecule or
Also the lip and nano
The the lip and nano particle technology the structure of the rna the synthesis large scale
No one was ever doing large scale synthesis proctor 911. I've worked with virtually all of the nature
Excuse me. Excuse me. Excuse me
Mark kulak. Did you hear that?
Did you hear it?
Did you hear it mark?
Before 911 nobody was doing large scale manufacturing of nucleotides and he helped all of them do it
Technically the structure of the rna the synthesis large scale
No one was ever doing large scale synthesis proctor 911
I've worked with virtually all of the nature
Vaccine candidates for biofence purposes
I was at the tip of the spear and in bringing the public health agency canada vaccine forward
That we now call the murk of ole vaccine
I got murk involved and I got the money from the no even government that funded the ring vaccination trials and then um
The ring vaccination trials were stupid
What they were was vaccinating
Vaccinating villages around an outbreak to see if they could make a ring of vaccinated people that would stop the spread of Ebola
Do you hear how stupid that is?
Do you hear how stupid that is now that we know what we know
Ebola vaccines in a ring applied to healthy people
Around the outbreak that he got funding from the Norwegian government for that
As a what is he a farmer?
I
Have also been right at the forefront of drug repurposing for first persica
There's a number of papers relating to zika and zika pathogenesis and drug repurposing
Started a company that went bankrupt. I've done I think four different startups in my life
Uh and because there was no funding for drug repurposing and then uh since the beginning of this outbreak I got a call from a
And remember the intelligence community that was in luhan that i've published with in the past
Uh was in luhan during the fourth quarter of 2019 and he called me on
uh, january 4th of 2020 and told me that I need to get my team spun up
Uh because of this new pathogen. So we started working on the funny thing is there might not be anything like Ebola
but there is a patent out there by cena bovari um for
Uh elongated vaccine or sorry elongated viral-like particles that assemble a lot like what the Ebola virus looks like
Which is this long rod shaped like structure
So ebola virus might not exist but viral-like particles in the shape of ebola might exist and they might have been released and tested in remote places
In africa to see what they would do
And then call ebola and then people like
Steven hatville and maryll nass and uh when oh air maryll nass was not ebola she was she was anthrax
um
All of these stories have been
Have been controlled
Narratives in order to put people in place as experts and then you know keep them there in case they need them
I suspect that's what most of these people are
That's why there's a transcript of
Of maryll nass and bira shirab and and rober malone all talking about the anthrax vaccine in 2011
Because this this narrative and the skepticism in public health has needed control for many more years than just the last four
And some of these people have been involved in controlling that narrative even in closed circles of just
Just autism moms for the last 10 years because
For a long time autism moms and autism dads were just relegated to
The biggest deepest corners of the internet where no one would listen to them and that ended up being iCan and
thd and they thought that chb and iCan meant progress but
In the end, I think because of saboteurs within both of those organizations essentially they don't accomplish everything they could
And they make these these people that are are donating and people that are acting
In good faith they make them feel like that this is the best way that they can move forward
Um, but they are all collectively frustrated by what happens at the top. I think that's very clear
Um, and the ones that aren't frustrated just don't understand that the questions that these people are asking aren't going to solve the problem that
Is represented by the vaccine schedule
And I don't want to be critical, but I do want to be honest if if you keep arguing that
You want randomized controlled trials for vaccines
You're not arguing for the truth
If you keep arguing that you want health freedom and the freedom to tell the truth because
You know free speech is important, but then you're not really fighting for the truth
I mean, yes, you are but no, you're not because
The truth is is that the vaccine schedules is a criminal enterprise in the united states and and to not say that out loud
Knowing it is is essentially lying and I think that
That's that's where we are
And this video with robert malone
interacting in a
Seemingly respectful and reciprocally professional way with paul cottrell
Who has himself up there? You can see very clearly as
doctor paul cottrell
Robert malone doesn't even call himself a doctor in his own
In his own caption here. So you see that's a problem, right? I don't call myself doctor coo
But paul cottrell has been calling himself doctor paul cottrell as long as he's been
in front of his camera with his four blank screens and that should be a huge red flag because
He's not a doctor and his phd is in finance and he worked for a catholic charity
before this
which is kind of bizarre because the catholics are one of the
oldest and largest
weaponized piles of money that nobody talks about
And i'm a catholic. I was raised catholic went to ccd the whole thing. So you know, I I I know what the catholic church faith is
I know what it's all about. I've read about its history. I've been
Of two minds for a long time about the idea that my priest for example that
That I grew up with I know is one of the best people I've ever met
And the reason why i'm a ham radio operator is because of him
I used to go over to his house and listen to him talk to a guy in japan or it was just freaking awesome
Because the radio was like the coolest piece of equipment i've ever seen in the way that he used it and and and
It just was cool
And and so I had a
relationship with a priest
father garum
a long time as a kid who who made me believe that
that
people of faith are some of the most beautiful and
and
And heartwarming and gentle people in the world
That was my model was one of the i'm sure one of the best priests in the catholic church in early age
I tried to take his uh call sign actually, but that that turned out to be not possible
When I registered and I never really went back to it
But I still kind of wanted to catch his call sign because it's not available again, but
Anyway, I don't remember why I got to that
um
Oh, because paul control work for a catholic charity. It's just interesting computational screening and docking of uh entire library of licensed drugs
Uh, but lower. Sorry about that. That definitely led to my self-administering
Some of those when I became infected with a biogen outbreak at the end of february
Uh 2020 and that led to the discovery of pomodidine or pepcid
So a biogen outbreak and then he discovered
Pomodidine and pepcid so I got to go back a little bit because I don't know if he said domain server or what he said
Fourth of 2020 and uh told me that I need to get my team spun up
Because this new pathogen so we started working on uh computational screening and docking of uh entire library of licensed drugs
uh and um
That eventually led to my self-administering some of those when I became infected
So here he wasn't very specific about what it was that he was looking at their docking to
Um, which is already revealing to me because in other interviews
He said a little bit more about what they were docking to at one point
He said that he made a computer model of an x-ray crystallography
Reconstruction dam of the uh of the three l's three cl protease, but he didn't say that here
Um, so it changes over time with the biogen outbreak at the end of february
Uh 2020 and that led to the discovery of pomodidine the biogen outbreak
It's like the uh super spreader event in korea that that kevin mccaren was infected by it's the exact same bull shit story
pepcid
I wrote the uh north will it could not be a bullshit story
It could also be the release of a a
Transfection at those places so that those people would test positive or a release of a toxin so that those people
Would experience some respiratory systems or a combination of both? I don't know
But my guess is is that it's it's uh part of the show. That's why uh kevin mccaren
Also has a story like that. Oh contract for that together with jim tartan
uh
Northwell screwed up those trials, but we've carried on i've got multiple papers published or impressed
Involving pomodidine and then the combination of pomodidine and celicoxid
And it's taken the first of those papers was uploaded in july of 2020
It's been through peer review three times and still not been published. It's been proved in peer review three times proved in peer review
by the editors of frontiers
Uh at the last minute just like pure cori's paper was
But those those are the trials that we finally have fba clearance to proceed on
So I i'm
One of not very many people that understand this whole spectrum of vaccines
pandemics drug repurposing pharmacology
Um and uh molecular virology
It sounds kind of like uh jessica rose whose computational mathematics
Computational biology immunology virology and and something else right
So there's a new drug that is in clinical trials three, I believe uh, it's called i mean you pronouncing wrong but um
Mel new pyro pyro talking about the murk product. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it's originally called the idd
2801. It was initially funded by the uh crew that I work with at defense their reduction agency
Uh, we tried to get the crew that he works with at the defense reduction threat reduction agency the the did ditra
You know ditra the one that was originally supposed to clean up nuclear weapons using in cooperation with the state department
That in uh as part of the formulations we freezing a multi drug approach
And we wanted to include it as the antiviral in our in our combination the other agents are anti-inflammatories
Uh, but murk required it from ridgeback
Uh, the same character that I was just referring to uh that works for the three-letter agencies used to report to uh, the assistant secretary for preparedness and in defense
Uh, bob kadlick. Um
He he helped broker the murk deal
So he's pretty close to bob kadlick then right because the the guy who used to work for bob
Broker to deal for him. So if he says that bob kadlick's a real bad guy would be very interesting right because he's you know
he works with ditra and uh
And he's he's he's not a whistleblower ladies and gentlemen because he didn't lose his job with ditra for speaking out
He didn't lose his consulting with murk for speaking out
This august 2021 he's still talking shit can still remember the original names of these compounds before they came up with something like mole pulvineer
Uh, so yeah, eid 2801 there are so the the name, uh, it has to do with the emery drug discovery group
Uh, ration aussies a famous member of that. Uh, so that's the origin of the original acronym
And uh, there are others at emery that feel that this is a highly inappropriate compound to be advancing
Because of potential reproductive toxicology issues that they're concerned about we'll see how that fares
There's also so this is this is one of the new hopes for direct acting antiviral. The other one is the Pfizer
Uh, three cl protease inhibitor. So when tony fauci kind of did his great pivot two weeks ago
And suddenly started talking about what we need drugs that we can administer early and turn call it into something like the common cold
He was only really thinking about these two agents and uh, he he has no enthusiasm for repurpose drug
Um, if the dod fortunately, we're entirely separate from uh, dr. Fauci's control. What's that?
Um
At the dod. We're completely separate. Did he just say that?
These two agents and uh, he he has no enthusiasm for repurpose drug. Um,
At the dod fortunately, we're entirely separate from uh, dr. Fauci's control and uh oversight and so uh,
We're able to pursue the science that we see as most appropriate
And we've been focusing on drug repurposing as I said from the beginning of the of 2020
And uh, we actually
Uh, in the trials we had designed a three-arm outpatient trial that would be placebo versus
Cellicoxid and formatidine versus cellicoxid formatidine and ivermectin
But the fda created such a storm with their objections to uh, including ivermectin
They put clauses in there that were so intenable who would have taken us six months to a year to satisfy them
So we just dropped the ivermectin arm, but the data suggested the triple combination is really potent and and surprisingly the addition of
So we've been very laboratory focused in terms of so that from our dean and cellicoxid combination
Even in certainly an infant outpatients, but in inpatients we can see
Uh, a point of inflection in a lot of the key labs, uh, that are predicted that outcomes of cobbid when we started ministering drug
It's quite striking. We we now can manage cobbid
Um using classical laboratory assays and make decisions about clinical management
One of the things that was intriguing about the addition those with ivermectin
Is that we saw much more rapid improvement leukocyte fraction
um in the cbc counts, uh, and uh, it it appears that there is some benefit in terms of, uh, lipocyte recovery and uh, but
Then there's the recent data out of israel that that i had thought was was not going to be forthcoming
There's longed speculation that ivermectin might have some direct acting antiviral activity
And and the new israeli double bling randomized clinical trial with only 55 i think is where i went 50 or 60 patients
It's statistical significance, um and demonstrated that there is an antiviral component to the ivermectin activity
So ivermectin is an iver antiviral because of statistical significance
A p-value that is measured against a null hypothesis, which is we would see no difference between the groups unless ivermectin did something
So, uh, you know, uh, we'll we'll be testing uh, commodity and cellicoxid because that's what we could get through the fda and that took us three months of negotiation
Uh, but, uh, i suspected in the end people will find that the triple might be the more useful
There by by dress that spectrum of of pharmaceuticals and so you saw that blue box i mean data came in positive today
That's more news. Um, something like 38
Percent 35
35 to 38 protection is absolutely
That right there tells you that he's a liar
You don't need to hear anything else because there is no questioning the novelty of the virus
There is only reinforcing the novelty reinforcing the new
Cause of death the the the risk additive pathogen that has been added to the mix
He is absolutely positively reinforcing the worst case scenario
He's lying about it because he's telling my friend nathan that there's reason for a guy at
At ditra to be working on repurposed drugs that there's a reason that's malevolence that that they're not telling people that these drugs work
He says that he can treat covid with standard laboratory procedures and repurposed drugs now and they're lying about it
Who's he saying it to?
The absolute biggest fraud of them all
And we're supposed to believe he's unaware
We're supposed to believe that Robert Malone who works for ditra didn't didn't check either of these two clowns before he went on the podcast
It was easier to be naive in 2021 when we were all afraid and scared ladies and gentlemen
There's no excuse for being naive now not when it's so obvious
Listen to the next part rct's ibermectin on that same trial did not show efficacy
But they administered the ibermectin late and it relatively low doses
So okay, it's going to be made that that one was kind of set up to fail for the ibermectin arm
But the fluvoxamine definitely gets statistical significance
So we now need to have it hit statistical significance what did he say 35 to 37 protection?
Wow
Lion
The voxamine is another agent that we already knew that uh, you know, I I don't know how it tuned you've been up to the fluvoxamine story
But uh, i'm i'm in touch with steve kirsch, you know almost hourly. He's the one that funded the george washington studies
I'm in touch with steve kirsch almost hourly
Stop lying
Stop lying together, please. That's how we got here people lying together in concert
Uh, um, this is a difference. So this is now the fourth study about two voxamine
Uh, that's great. You know, let's see the main
The watchers need to realize that there is they there is more tools in the toolbox as research researchers like yourself
Um are
Investigating compounds to try to fight the disease coven 19 or you know, the virus SARS-CoV-2. There isn't
Necessarily the vaccine and the way fauci has been spinning it. It was madderna madderna madderna
From very from the kick. Oh, you know, that's right
And madderna was created by dartha
Um, so uh, there's yeah, there's all kinds of angles here that I prefer not to go into
Having to do with bill and will in the gates foundation and the tight relationships there and they're lobbying and uh, you know zuckerberg can and
Uh, robert with johnson and who and facebook and there's just a huge array of folks that are
With with money and power so he hasn't said anything about adenovirus being shit
And he hasn't said anything about transfection being shit
He hasn't told anybody anything about the dangers that are to come
Neither as the bus rider md paul katrel we are
We are quite a few minutes into this little podcast 10 minutes already in and I don't feel any danger
I just feel the narrative of a novel virus that people don't understand and are lying about
That have gone all in on vaccines as the only solution
And I think I'm a vaccinologist, but my assessment from the upset was that
That the risk of antibody dependent enhancement based on prior work with toronto virus vaccine development
Was so great that in the timelines to demonstrate a safe and effective vaccine were so long
And the uh risk that this was going to hit the states
Remember I started in in the beginning of january. I was
We have to go back because this is another extremely incriminating statement
Why is it incriminating?
Because he's telling you a story
A story about antibody dependent enhancement, which is a story where vaccination works
And
Antibody dependent enhancement is a story where vaccination works just not as we expected or it doesn't work out perfect
It occasionally goes wrong. That's what the story of antibody dependent enhancement is
Antibody dependent enhancement is probably bullshit
It's if it's real. It is a very small subset of what occurs when vaccination goes wrong
And
The subsequent exposure to the same pathogen causes a devastating disease state that's
It's not just antibody dependent enhancement if it is then, you know, I'm wrong
But I have a feeling that antibody dependent enhancement is a pretty convenient story that still keeps antibodies at the center at the primary
You know
A model of immunity, which is again his job
And
That means that unlike the story that he told j about a charia on the on the
Illusion of consensus podcast this year
That he lost his career because he spoke out against jesse gelsinger in the use of a av
On a on a healthy kid that that needed a nude that needed a gene replaced in his liver
And
Blowing the whistle on them going off off of the protocol and increasing his dose was what cost him his career
That he had to get out of gene
Transfection technology and instead had to resort to I don't know starting a breast cancer firm
Yeah, breast cancer laboratory in Maryland
That was what resulted from him losing his his his career speaking out on behalf of jesse gelsinger kind of
And so here he is now saying that I thought the av or the rna might cause antibody dependent enhancement
That's why I spoke out
Which is exactly not saying that intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb
It's not saying that transfection and transformation in healthy humans is criminally negligent
And it's not saying that rna can't pandemic
It's in reinforcing all the opposites of those things that we have defeated things in the fore asked with vaccines
And these vaccines may or may not work
But there are other ways we could deal with it right paul
Stocking compounds on january 11th after the uh seafood market wuhan seafood market virus sequence was first uploaded
I didn't focus on three cl pro which is what the uh, um, visor drug is is inhibiting
It's pretty severe rather. I focused on the papain-like protease because I knew that there was all the papain-like protease
Okay, so I'm gonna find if I don't think he's I don't think he's right
I think
Just let me write that down the papain-like protease
I think it's possible that he said in other interviews that he worked on
x-ray crystallography of the three of the three cl protease
And then interfaced all of known drugs and pharmaceuticals in the fda catalog against that computer model
And if I find that
And I can play him saying those words out loud and that would be really strange right because he says in this interview
Wouldn't that be crazy robert?
Hey robert Malone if you're watching wouldn't it be crazy if you did an interview a year after this where you said that you
Used x-ray crystallography models in a computer to model
the three-dimensional form of
The three cl protease and then interfaced that with all the fda drugs and pharmaceuticals
Because here when talking to the fake dr. Paul cattrell you say you didn't bother to do the three cl protease
You did the papain-like protease
Boy, it would be terrible if I found a video where you said the opposite wouldn't that be weird to the
Seafood market wuhan seafood market virus sequence was first uploaded. I didn't focus on three cl pro, which is what the
Pfizer drug is is inhibiting it's pretty similar rather
I focused on the papain-like protease because I knew that there was already a lot of candidates out there and a lot of attention on three
cl pro
And ama Pfizer is one of many that are that are candidates for inhibitors of three cl pro
These are both serine proteases and serine proteases inhibitors are notoriously nonspecific in the pharmaceutical industry
and prone to
those limiting toxicity and complications so
Time will tell how that plays out and I you know, I wish them the best but in with my group of pharmaceutical experts
We've always been very wary of the potential risks associated with focusing on serine protease
So
The cocktail that you've been investigating is that with or without the corticosteroids
for individual that
Matter of fact, we've got strong data that if you add dexamethasone, you kill people
Uh, they no, I'm not kidding you. You can laugh the paper is out there. We just had it provision wait. So paul control just laughed
dexamethadone kills people
What if dexamethasone is on protocols like the flcc protocol
What if dexamethasone was on cdc protocols?
What if if the misuse of steroids
Was on my slide for the last three years
And the misuse of steroids can do what it can kill people
Explain that robert actually accepted. I just got to make a couple modifications about how many people in the uh, study group were smokers
Uh, which no effects on the risk. Um, and not a waste in a negative way
Uh, so, um, they were not active smokers. They were recovered smokers. Uh, and that actually because of the groups
They were in it actually makes our conclusions even stronger, but uh, you know, if if your readers or if you want to post a link
Um, I can send you the uh, we put everything up on pre-print service right away because of the nature of the emergency
and uh
So the formatidine plus selocotsive with and without dexamethasone because of the nature of the emergency
He didn't bother to tell you the transfection and transformation and healthy humans is criminally negligent
He didn't tell you that they started, uh, manufacturing these things because they've always been
Planning to change the warm base of manufacturing from stuff done in eggs to stuff done
With nucleotides even though he admitted that on the podcast. I was on with him with robert f Kennedy jr and maryll nass
But he could have said it right now in 2021 right here to paul cotrell and just told him just like he did
Earlier in this interview where he said before 9-11 nobody was making
Uh, nucleotides at large scale nobody was doing that kind of manufacturing and he helped all those people develop that manufacturing after 9-11
Which is a curious thing to say because marcus said that 9-11 was supposed to be a bioterror attack
But for some reason it wasn't and he still can't really figure out why
So it's curious that he just drops that data point because around 9-11 was when he was in maryll and working on this breast cancer institute
So it's weird while he was working on this breast cancer institute with a couple of nigerians
That he he and his wife are also apparently working on setting up this
Manufacturing of nucleotides all around the united states with all these different players
It's all one continuous operation one continuous story
And they told you that something significant happened at the beginning of 2020 with people like him who were involved before the event occurred
And therefore are very well aware that they need to see the narrative in 2020 and 2021 of a novel virus and when he came out in 2021
He was still fully on board with the perpetuation of the idea that a novel RNA molecule starting from a mud puddle in a market
Has gone around the world and continues to go around the world and can be
mitigated by
The things that he and his team that he spun up found as well as potentially transformation and
Transfection of which he is the foremost expert because him and his wife are the holder of all the relevant patents from years ago
And he would still be doing it had he not spoke out against jesse bell gelsinger's
Going off protocol when then he had to resort to opening a breast breast cancer institute and get out of this
Forever at least for a little while because he was of course head of an oveo
Which is one of the horses in the race in this time
And he even says an oveo is one of the people making or one of the the firms making
Vaccines so it's an extraordinary level of contradiction that's available
To anyone who wants to see it now it might have been available even when it first came out
But we were too confused and too afraid and we were still playing along with the scooby-doo
So we definitely couldn't see him for the charlatan that he is
But in 2024 if you can't see him for the charlatan that he is
Just because he spent hours with dr. paul-catrell
Then I challenge you to listen to his words that he says to paul-catrell and not see him
As a fraud because it's almost impossible from paper
It's readily available on a preprint server and it clearly shows
We jump from zero percent case fatality rate
He definitely emphasizes different things at different times because they've been off script for a long time
It may be that robert melon wasn't even supposed to go public. They didn't even expect to need to
Because they expected 85 or 95 percent of the people to take the shot and they didn't
And so this is 2021 where they're still thinking that maybe they can get the rest of the people to comply by the end of the year
That's what this guy's all about
Maybe they can get the rest of the people in the world to think that a novel virus is still circulating
And that if they go on a white house
Briefing right before christmas and tell everybody that there's going to be a winter of severe disease and death that people will take
Seriously because that's going to happen after this
And that's why it seems like he flip-flops or tells the story in different ways because it's improvising
They're off script
They thought they would get a lot more compliance with the illusion of consensus on tv that they projected in 2020 and we didn't
In hospitalized cobbid wcho, you know, four to six
Um to something like 23 or 25 mortality because it's a dexamethasone
We then verified that's not generally understood by most docs
but the
The data supporting dex
Is really quite tenuous. It took a lot of statistical manipulation to show statistical significance
It's in a very small cohort
Yeah, so so they he says
um, it should not be here's the perfect example of the charlatanism
because
Here he's saying that they did some kind of significance
Testing and that's that's not enough or they did it it disingenuously
But his result of 35 to 38 percent effectiveness isn't that same ship
And that's how you get these academy dishes. That's how they work
They do it right. It's the other people who do it wrong. I use p values the right way. They use p values disingenuously
And so we're supposed to believe that although he's a 20 year insider
He wouldn't use p values that way to make money. No
Even though he's from the industry
Even though he's brokered deals for these things that people use p values to create value out of he would never do that
It is just laughable
How ridiculous this guy is to be taken seriously enough to be on tucker carlson
And
That should have undermined his credibility, but it somehow doesn't and him being on
Alex jones a week ago doesn't undermine this credibility or Alex jones is apparently how stupid are we?
We got to wake up and apologize for having followed these people for so long
I know i'm apologizing to everybody that needs my apology regularly and I have a permanent link on my website
That that is self-deprecating enough to say that I was wrong in 2020 and 21
And even if I was very close to right people like robert malone and kevin mccairn and charles rixi
And and richard flemming and richard ebright and all of these people that
Talk talk talk talk talk talk in my ear and in everybody else's ear made us think that there was a scooby-doo mystery to solve
And so we didn't get across the finish line quick enough to save any college kid
We didn't get across the finish line quick enough to save any
Adult that we love
from making the mistake
And you can hear robert malone's language his language is not
Effectively going to stop anybody from transfection or transformation at all
And if he's the expert he says he was and he's standing up the way he says he was then that should be his only
message
He shouldn't be trying to bamboozle everybody with stupid complicated explanations about a murk
Product or that murk product or that murk product or that thing I did or that incorporated product that I did or that company that I worked for
I brokered that thing
He would be just really simple
I I know a lot about transformation and transfection because I hold all the relevant patents although they're
They're expand expired and I moved my career onto other things because that shit ain't good for humans yet
But he doesn't say that he never said it on brat. He doesn't say it here. He still really isn't saying it now
And neither is kevin mccurnan
He didn't need it
He shouldn't have taken it
And once you see that kevin mccurnan and and robert malone are very likely
Running in exactly the same circles
With exactly the same weaponized piles of money influencing them
And that paul katrel just wants to be a part of it
It's pretty easy
And who's the only guy that he promoted so far in this in this interview
Pierre
Cory the hero of the ivermectin book
Guy who says that
Pulsock simmeters were the primary way of identifying covid in new york city
Even though he didn't show up until after the big death wave was already over
And yet somehow or another he's the head was the head of flcc for a
$230,000 salary for a year or two. He's the one who got the ivermectin book deal
And he's the one despite all
Being all there in the first part of the pandemic
Doesn't seem to realize that we might have killed people with protocols like dexamethasone
Isn't that what robert malone is saying right here that he knows that they were killing people with dexamethasone
Which would have created the illusion of a of an advancing deadly virus, but they didn't what he used just widely as it's being used
based if you were going to go fully evidence based
uh and um
We're there's overlap in terms of the mechanism of action with cellotoxin
When you add the two they are definitely more toxic and lethal
And uh, this was verified in a platform trial called iSpy that hasn't been published yet
Uh that we also funded through dod
Uh, we had we had counsel that they should not put so we is ditra
I'm assuming we is ditra because he says his team was ditra and it's dod. So
one of the
The things that the secret things that I think he's doing here now in in four years in in retrospect
Is that he's connecting in the minds of the people that are listening
ditra to the dod
But the real connection ditra should have is to a bunch of shit
Including the state department and the executive branch. They are not really
Do d like darpa's do
They're not really dod like dod is dod
They may partner with dod maybe even his team partners with some people in the department of defense
But ditra is an organization connected to a lot of other intelligence agencies and originally formed
Has a partnership between the state department and the dod correct me if i'm wrong in the chat
So it's very curious to me that he is interchanging ditra and dod
In this talk. I think it's on purpose to
Obfuscate the fact that ditra has also deep long ties to the state department
Which I think is central in terms of conducting this operation
It's the one
Intelligence agency that all these monkeys don't talk about they love to say nsa and see us cia and fbi and
And uh hhs and and and dod
But they never say state department even though they're the only people that are in every country
They're the only people that can move in and out of countries
Easily and seamlessly
And they're the only way that the dod or any other authorities could move seamlessly
from country to country
Is through the state department
Charles rixi's uh uncle or something like that used to work at the state department the state department sells weapons for the united states
Robert Malone's been to romania three times in two years or two times in one year or something like that
Because you know, that's where the resistance is proceed with the trial arm
In the presence of decks, but they insisted that they do so because they considered it standard of care in their uh,
They're basically a who 5 6 cohort. So this is under uh hypo oxygen or or intubation
And uh, so that is where decks is indicated
Uh, they insisted that we had to have decks on board
And they wanted to go ahead with the trial and in fact they verified that uh,
The trends were such that we would be
Um, I don't know how to say this delicately
Uh
More more patients would be lost on the triple combination
Their study also has a standard of care and disappear and I suspect that your viewership may be aware that then disappears efficacy is
Um, not quite what we really led to believe
Uh, and and uh must would say that it doesn't support the license that it has right now the authorization
Uh, in any case, that's that's a tangent that's going down the rabbit hole
Uh, but yeah stay away from the steroids that you're going to use commodity and sell toxic
And it's a good thing and you'll see in a paper. You've got a lengthy discussion
Uh
In that one, uh, in which I extensively quote tonichachi for an interesting review paper to get on decks a few years ago
Um
Decks decks is like a great big hammer to the immune system
And okay, I'm going to read this absolutely not you know a case can be made that that decks is a great drug
If you've got hospitalized cob it and you want to pump your numbers up by getting them out the door and transferring them
To a extended care facility
Uh, instead of having them dying in your hospital to be a little bit jaded, but in fact, that's what goes on
Okay, so there he just admitted it right there that they're murdering people and lying about it
Listen again very clearly because I want you to see how he's smiling
He's laughing about the idea that adding decks amethasone could create the illusion that they cured people and they could send people
With bacterial pneumonia back to care homes and out of a hospital
And so they were encouraging people to give them decks amethasone to reduce their immune
They reduce their their symptoms so that they could clear beds
And that these people probably had bacterial pneumonia they get sent to a care home where they don't get antibiotics and then they die of
And he's laughing about it because he because he doesn't want anybody
There's no reason to think that they would kill people and then lie about it in order to create the illusion of a pandemic
But he pretty much already knows that they're killing people
For an interesting review paper to get on decks a few years ago
um
Decks decks is like a great big hammer to the immune system
and uh
Absolutely not you know a case can be made that that decks is a great drug
If you've got hospitalized carbon and you want to pump your numbers up by getting them out the door and transferring them to a extended care facility
Uh instead of having them dying in your hospital to be a little bit jaded, but in fact, that's what goes on
Oh
Is that what goes on?
This is just the tip of the iceberg of how malevolent this lying machine is
This is just the tip of the iceberg of how malevolent this show was
I
If the math isn't working out for you now, I don't know how to help but i'm going to keep trying every day
Robert Malone is one of the largest frauds that has ever been perpetrated on the united states
And anybody that's connected to him is obviously also part of this illusion
And working for them the slavers as I call them
This is a shameless
traitor to the united states
Posing as a conservative american, but actually a long lifelong democratic operative as his wife
Has his steve kirsch one of the largest single donors to the dnc
These people are pathetic
And they are lying to us so that we are a lie to our kids about this stuff
And if we don't wake up in the next few months by a significant number of people to fully reject people like this
We may not ever escape
Clearly this election is screwed clearly no matter who gets elected in this election. We are still going to be fighting this fraud
And so this is this is just the start of the fight ladies and gentlemen the uni party
needs to be destroyed
That dichotomy that that Robert Malone and steve kirsch and all these people are trying to enforce needs to be destroyed
And we need to elect some plumbers and some teachers and some
some
some carpenters and some entrepreneurs and some social workers and some
People that have actually lived in reality and sacrificed their their adulthood for the sake of others to office in the united states
We need to open the books. We need to put cameras in the rooms where these people talk in private
We need to publish their discussions and take the cameras off the streets and put them into our
Congress and into our house of representatives
The
People like Robert Malone who have been brokering these multi-million and multi-billion dollar deals for
Pharmaceutical products that are proven to work only by the ritual of
statistical mindlessness
Need to be ended as relevant
He is an a perfect example of academy justians and how they work just like what
Garrett is talking about
Two fighting came agreed on one thing it was scientific inference cannot be mechanical
You need to use your brain
And that was exactly the message the non-ritual did not convey
Maybe it wanted a mechanical procedure
So that's what that's what he's telling you is the reason why some of his drug recombination
These recombinant drug these these repurposed combinations of drugs reach significance, but it's not his fault
It's just the way it is either it's not or it is and it looks like statistically it is so therefore we have knowledge
Robert Malone is an academy justian but not an academy justian that's just naive
He works for people who he knows regularly game this bullshit system
He helps them do it
He helps them do it with the illusion of integrity
And at the same time at the other side of his mouth he says that nobody in this field has integrity
Thought she doesn't have integrity just me
Is there's a lot of manipulation of hospital case fatality rates by off-living
patients to
Various triage options. Oh, and so that doesn't mean that they're lying about murder
Interesting right he says they're lying about murder, but he doesn't say they're murdering anybody. It's like what accident? It's bad information
It's not creating a fake pandemic from nothing
And
Who's he talking to the brilliant Paul Catrell? He's so insightful isn't he?
It's crazy the kinds of questions that he asks ladies and gentlemen Paul Catrell and Robert Malone being on the same podcast
More than once talking for hours about the bullshit
You just heard them talking about and more than 70 minutes more
Is the most damning evidence that Robert Malone is on the team of the slavers than anything i've ever seen
Never mind that the contents of that interview contradict the contents of interviews that come after
That his story changes that his emphasis changes Robert Malone is awful
And anybody that says that there's sub stack defending Robert Malone
In 2023 is the most important sub stack they've ever written is just as awful as him
And yes, i'm talking about Meryl nass because she wrote a sub stack saying that this was the most important sub stack
She ever wrote and was defending Robert Malone
And then a month later Robert Malone came out and said that chd was a shitty organization and evidence of how
Shitty a manager Robert or Robert F Kennedy jr. Is
Despite the fact that that shitty organization
Published his shitty book
Right
I can't wait until I see Robert Malone in person again so I can watch him get on all fours
the tail
Fall out of his pants and him scramble away like the giant rat that he is
Measure the quality of an article
Now what did the poor readers of this text box do with a mishmash of two theories
Which would not mention that it is a mishmash
Not in the names of naming and piercing attached to the theories
So the result was that the external conflict between the two groups of statistician
The decision went into an internal conflict in the average researcher
So the average
I use a Freudian analogy to make that clear
So the super ego was name and piercing theory
So the average researcher somehow believed that he or she had to
Have two hypothesis and and actually give thought about alpha and the power before the experiment and calculate the number of substitutes you need
But the ego the fisher in part
Got the things done and published
But left is a feeling of guilt of having violated the rules
And at the at the bottom was the Bayesian aid
longing for probabilities of hypothesis which neither of these two theories could deliver
How did all these come apart?
So how could this happen?
I'll give you another story
I once visited a distinguished statistical textbook writer
whose book went through
many edition and whose name doesn't matter
He was one of the only ones
Actually, his book was one of the best one in the social sciences
And he was the only one who had in an early edition a chapter on base and also
albeit only one sentence
Mentioning that there is a theory of fisher and a different one of person name and person
So
To mention the existence of alternative theories was unheard of
And even names attached to that
So I asked him
Why he took out the chapter on base and this one sentence
From all further editions
When I met him was just busy having I think was the fifth edition of his best selling book
And why he I asked him created a
inconsistent hybrid
That every decent statistician would have rejected
To his credit, I should say that he also did not
attempt to deny that he had produced an illusion, but
He let me know whom to blame for and where three culprits first
His fellow researchers, then the university administration and third his publisher
His fellow researchers he said are not interested in doing good statistics. I want that papers published
The university administration promoted people
By the number of publications which were enforced the researchers added to it
And his publisher
Did not want to hear about different theories
He wanted a single recipe cookbook
And forced him so the author told me to take out the Bayesian chapter
And even this single only one sentence about fisher and name and person series
At the end of our conversation
I asked him
In what statistical theory he himself believes
And he said
In my heart
I'm a Bayesian
Now
If they also was telling me the truth he had sold his heart
For multiple editions of a famous book
Whose message he did not believe in
10,000 students have read this text believing that it reveals the method of science
Dozens of less informed textbook writers copied his text
Joining out a flood of offspring textbooks inconsistent and not noticing the mess
Now you understand right you understand right that what this means and what caret and girt is trying to tell you
Is that these ideas of how to use probability without
Your mind
In other words, you have a null hypothesis and then one you think you're testing
But then the experiment doesn't test that
Because the null hypothesis is kind of like there's no difference. So that's not really
It's not explaining anything
And your test of whether the null hypothesis is different from your hypothesis actually doesn't test your hypothesis at all
And so the argument that was
Bled together from these two separate kind of ideas on how to use statistics to test observations
Were put together to create this illusion that you could
Mindlessly use statistics to find observations that were significant
This was actually sustained in textbooks
Imagine the malevolence
That needs to be present in order for our entire academia to have been turned upside down by people who understand it
And choose not to teach it
And so you have this huge
behemoth of money
That's being
Fed to universities and then they are employing it to create this noise
Create this knowledge and they are using a fundamentally for a flawed procedure
Because they've all agreed that it's
it's it's
And they know how to use
And Robert Malone as he showed very definitively in that
In that interview knows that this can be gained. It can be used can be lied to you can p-hack
But he doesn't do it
Yet in that same little discussion he tells you that a 35 to 38
Difference between placebo and the experimental group is a significant result
Because he doesn't p-hack they p-hack
And the reality is is that everybody that uses these p-values and a null hypothesis the null hypothesis for Robert Malone
Well, there's no difference between us giving them these three drugs and not giving them these three drugs
And if there is a difference then the difference we see is because of these three drugs
And since we assume
Our hypothesis is that these drugs work on covid and we're not going to test whether they actually have covid or whether
It's real covid or what covid is
We're just going to look at a difference between these two groups and because over here
Way outside of the wording of the paper
There's this hypothesis that we're not testing that these drugs work on covid
Then when we get a significant result that there is a difference between these two groups
We assume we've tested this hypothesis over here when really all we've asked is whether or not there's a difference between
People that get these drugs and people that don't get these drugs
Is it surprising that if you give people a combination of three drugs that they have different
Behavioral and and symptom different symptomologies than people who don't get those drugs. Is that not surprising? Is that surprising to you?
And that's how they do it
That's why I didn't make it in academic biology because I couldn't figure out how to make this work for me and feel good about it
And I didn't understand that it was a cognitive dissonance that was preventing me from doing it
I just thought that I wasn't very good at it
And that's more importantly what a lot of those people made me feel like that I wasn't very good at it
But I was more frustrated with the questions we're asking don't really feel like they're moving the ball forward
I want to ask different questions. No, no, no
We got to ask little questions that have little answers
So we can make a little progress
toward addressing that hypothesis in the other room
That's how this works
Firm ritual for this procedure for the essence of the hybrid logic
Because it resembles two social rights
Social rights have typically the following elements. They are sacred numbers or colors
Then there's a repetition of the same action again and again
And then there's fear fear about being punished if you don't
Repeat this action and finally delusions
You have to have delusions in order to conduct the ritual
The non ritual contains all of these features. There's a fixation on 5%
I mean functional MRI. It's colors
Second functional MRI my gosh if that hasn't ruined
Cognitive neuroscience. I don't know what has this idea that if they just
Take a magnetic picture of the of the oxygenated and unoxygenated hemoglobin in your brain
They can pinpoint where
Certain activity in the brain is and therefore they can learn whether certain parts of the brain are involved in anything
And the crazy thing is depending on how they set the color scheme
And depending on what they say is significance then they can find pretty much whatever they want to and indeed
mRNA
MRI
The field itself is just it's just become a giant toilet bowl of noise
Great way to stabilize them get out the door and that is one way that is used in some hospital guidance
That's very interesting. So let's let's pin it to the antibody dependent enhancement and vaccine
Sorry, I pushed the wrong video again this one. There's repetitive
behavior
resembling compulsive handwashing
And third there's fear of sanctions
by editors
Or advisors and finally there's a delusion about what a p-value means
And about describe that in moment. Let me just give you a few examples about the mindless performance of the ritual
There may be funny
But deep it's really disconcerning
So in an internet study on implicit theories of moral courage
Philip Simbardo who's famous for his stain for prison experiments and two colleagues
ask their participants
Do you feel that there's a difference between altruism and heroism?
hmm
Most felt so
2347 respondents said yes and only 58 said no
Now they also computed a chi-square test
To answer whether these two numbers are the same or different
And I found that I indeed different
A greater student of mine a smart one
Had the opposite situation
His name is pogo pogo ran
an experiment with two groups and found that the two means are exactly the same
but pogo could not just write that or
Say that
He felt he had to do a statistical test a t-test to find out whether the two exactly same numbers differ significantly and he found that they don't
And the p-value was impressively high
He is a third illustration
I recently reviewed an article in which the number of subjects was 57
They also calculated a 95% confidence interval
These are great too for the number of subjects and concluded the confidence interval is between 47 and 67
Don't ask why I did it. It's mindless
Almost every number in this paper was scrutinized in the same way
There are only numbers in the paper that had no confidence where the page numbers
This is an extreme case
But unfortunately, it's not exception
Consider all behavioral neuropsychological and medical studies in nature in the year 2011
89% of his studies
report only p-values
And nothing else that's of importance such as no effect sizes, no power, no model estimation
or an analysis of the academy of management term
In a year later reported that the average number of p-values in an article is guess
How many p-values
If you have two hypotheses, you wouldn't need two
It's a mechanical testing of any number
So the idol of automatic universal inference
However, it's not unique to p-values
Or confidence intervals
Then it's Lindley
A leading advocate of Bayesian statistics once declared that
The only good statistic is Bayesian statistics
And
That Bayesian methods are even more automatic
in his opinion than
Fisher's friend methods
So the danger is here
You don't have much progress if you use Bayes factors just as mindless
That's not
So let me go on an extremely important point that can be illustrated in neuroscience because neuroscience is one of the places where
Bayesian statistics kind of took off first and people started to use
And again, if you make a dumb model and then you make dumb predictions with that model
And then test it with Bayesian statistics or any other statistics
You're still working on a dumb model
So that happens a lot in neuroscience and I actually got a lot of
Flack for one of the last bike rides I rode because I did a
Pretty detailed talk about how they had this experimental data
And then they made an experimental model
It was so simple and so dumb that using that model to make some statistical
Estimate of whether or not it had anything to do with their experimental data was just kind of dumb
Because we know the brain isn't that simple
So why would you even test if your model recapitulates that we don't believe the brain works like your model
So why would you test it? And that's why he calls it mindless statistics because
editors of journals and reviewers of journals like it when you
When you do a statistical test and tell them that a number is significant
Even if it has nothing to do with testing the hypothesis that they think you're testing
Examples about mindless use sound funny, but there are deep costs of the ritual. I'll give you a few examples
Maybe the first and quite interesting one is that you actually fear better
If you don't specify your own hypothesis bingo, why?
Paul Mille
Once pointed out
And messodal logic paradox. Here's a disease. I'm sorry
Here's where I really want to make a point that's coming to my mind now
And I want to make it again
I had made the point earlier that if it's a if you're calling a
Calling the police on a crime
Then you don't have to tell people what what the motivation of the criminal is you just have to call and say you need help
I'm going to give you another example of that kind of scenario where we are being baited
Into providing an answer that we're not obligated to provide and because we don't want to provide that answer
We are being told that that means that our objections are irrelevant
And so if I say that I don't think virology
Is a field like virology would like you to believe it is then i'm being
Asked so then what is your explanation for this stuff?
And I think that that is part of their own trap
That's the reason why kevin mccurnan was so interested in trying to bait me into explaining
In more detail what I thought was going on
Because then I would get into a hamster wheel of explanation and a
Hypothesis that would never actually be tested and then I would be playing the same bullshit game as them
When in reality if I tell you that string theory
In physics as far as i'm concerned doesn't really make any sense and I think these people are just playing mathematical games with you
I don't really need to be sophisticated enough to give you an alternative explanation for quantum theory
I
Just have to point out that lots and lots of other people that are much more much more
Savvy than I am have also said that string theory is just a gigantic mathematical bullshit story
And that can't be tested that hasn't been tested and the p values around it are not testing it
So I don't have to come up with an alternative for a bullshit theory
Anymore than I have to come up with an alternative for a bullshit theory for irna virology
and
I certainly don't think that now I am undermining my credibility by not explaining disease
Whereas the no virus people have explained disease
So obviously the no virus people are much more and have much more integrity than jonathan cooey
Please understand that that is the most obvious ploy of bullshit ever
We are not under any obligation to replace virology with high fidelity understanding before anybody should take us seriously
And we are not under any obligation to explain respiratory disease or any other diseases
If we say that that coronavirus and the pandemic was a lie
And that is what a lot of these medlers would like us to do
They want us to spend our time waxing intellectual about what virology is
Or what exosomes are or whatever these other things are all we got to know is that this
This ritual of mindless statistics has been used to create whole fields
Has been used to create whole
Subfields of what the people inside and out of them think our knowledge, but are actually just nonsense
Based on a mindless ritual of applying p values to numbers and then if the p values are right those numbers are significant observations
And without the mind
Without a clever scientist with a real idea and a real model of reality that he or she is testing
Mindless statistical rituals can be used to create phd's
Or could use to create research lines used to get nature articles used to get tenure
And these people don't ever need to create knowledge their entire career
And this guy can teach you how
Measurement and amount of data make it harder for a theory to pass because you can more easier distinguish between the
Prediction of the theory and the actual data
In fields that rely on the
Knowledge ritual, it's the opposite
so the
Because it tests a null in which you don't believe
So improvements of what does he mean by that?
What does he mean by that?
Robert Malone
Was working under the hypothesis
That silicoxib in combination with femotidine would have some effect on covid the disease
So his null hypothesis is that they don't have any effect on the disease
And that
Is actually what he tests when he does a p value he's not testing whether it has any effect on the disease
He's testing whether it doesn't have any effect on the disease
And if he gets a significant result, then he has disproven
That it doesn't have any effect
And the default then is to assume that the effect is due to the drugs
And if you can see how that's absolutely not testing whether or not it helps people on covid
But it's testing whether it doesn't
And if you're testing whether it doesn't and you're basing that on a statistical difference between two groups
You're not actually testing anything that you believe in because Robert Malone believes that these drugs because of the domain work
He's done
Will help with covid
And so if you're inside of a construct of a pandemic that you know is a biosecurity state operation and a lie
Then think about how his extraordinary it is how confident he is that he can sustain that lie
By telling you that he went through this mindless ritual statistics and produced knowledge
Now do you see why there is no doubt
It can be no doubt in anyone's mind that Robert Malone is 100 playing for them
Because he is using the mindless statistical ritual of testing a null hypothesis to demonstrate to you
That there is a 35 to 37 percent effectiveness of the bullshit combinations that he's testing on behalf of ditra and dod
And he told that to someone as fraudulent as
Paul cattrell in
August of 2021 after he had been on the Brett Wayne steins podcast with steve kirsch a month earlier
Two months earlier
At the heart of all of this is the p-value no hypothesis ritual
At the heart of this is the illusion that academics create knowledge by using this no
hypothesis p-value ritual
I can't wait to have girt on our program. It's going to be mind-blowing
To detect the difference between the data and the no
Hmm
And that means more easily reject the null and you can claim victory for your hypothesis
Let's hear that again. That's another factor that leads to the irrepidability of result
The only good statistic is Bayesian statistics
And
That Bayesian methods are even more automatic
in his opinion than
Fisher's brand methods
So the danger is here
You don't have much progress if you use base factors just as mindlessly
That's done
So let me go on
The examples about mindless use sound funny, but there are deep costs of the ritual
I'll give you a few examples
Maybe the first and quite interesting one is that you actually fear better
If you don't specify your own hypothesis
Why?
Paul meal
Once pointed out
a method a lot to do paradox
I mean think about this improvement of experimental measurement and amount of data is is harder for the theory
What is Robert Malone testing in his in his thing if there is no SARS-CoV-2
What is he testing in that?
Think about how malevolent it is
Think about how malevolent it is, please
Once pointed out
a method a lot to do paradox
In physics
improvement of experimental measurement and amount of data
Make it harder for the theory to pass
Because it can more easier distinguish between the prediction of the theory and the actual data
In fields
This is the problem with virology of course
That as the resolution of our genetic sequencing capabilities our
Our genetic manufacturing capabilities our ability to see and isolate single sequences
Who have like nanopore sequencing and this kind of thing
Should make it easier for us to raise the level of understanding we have
In virology, but these people are stuck with methods that are still from the 40s and they're fine with it
Plaque assays and cytopathic effect assays which the no the no virus people are very right to lambast them about
Nevermind that they generate p-values from those really dumb methodologies
That have never been challenged because their hypothesis that they're testing is not the hypothesis of how viruses work
Their hypothesis is the no hypothesis that they're testing that whatever they're doing in their experiments isn't causing anything
Which is something they don't believe in
So they're not testing their hypothesis their testing eye hypothesis
They don't believe in and then when they get results they say that that result proves the thing they never tested
On the uh no ritual it's the opposite
So the
Because it tests a null in which you don't believe if there's no covid then uh actually
Silicoxib and femotidine and ivermectin there's no way to test their effectiveness on it
You see that right
And so that's why the illusion of a novel virus that needs novel treatments
That's killing millions of people that millions more could be saved from that likely came from a
Laboratory leak and then likely could come again
That's why that faith is so dangerous and why it's so obviously malevolent that melon is not questioning any of that faith
Instead fully reinforcing it with an absolute malevolent fraud like paul cottrell
So improvements of measurement make it more easier
To detect the difference between the data and the no
And that means more easily reject the null and you can claim victory for your hypothesis
And you can just imagine that's another factor that leads to the irrepidability of results
Second point and then i'll get to the delusions
And about this sacred object the p-value now a p-value is the probability
of a result or a more extreme one if
The null hypothesis is correct and more technically correct. It is the probability of a test statistic
given an entire model
And but the point is it's a probability of data
given our hypothesis not the Bayesian probability
And that should be easy to understand for any academic research
Except they don't teach it and also it's not the probability
that you
Will be able to replicate it
And the
replication you would actually be surprised how many academicicians actually can't annunciate that though
That p-value is not the odds by which you can replicate it. It's not the odds that you will see it again
It's nothing like that
And a lot of people including graduate students in the biomedical sciences would explain it that way in a harpy
Because they've learned from these shitty statistics books that kind of tell it that way you see the problem
Illusion that's the first one
is
That when you have a p-value of 1%
Then logically it follows the probability that you can replicate your result is 99
Okay
So
This illusion has been already told in the book that it break pointed out by none of the it's a great reading
If you have fun, you want to really have fun read the old textbooks about
Statistics, they're all not written by statisticians otherwise they wouldn't have been used
So
And for instance, none of the writes that's fantastic
What does a p-value of 5% mean is answered the investigator can be confident with odds of 95 out of 100
That the observed difference will hold up in further investigation
Wrong
Wow, that is so wrong and it's wonderful. They've written this into books
What is the state today?
Do academic researchers understand
What a p-value means so the the the object they are looking for
So I serve it all studies available here you go in six different countries
With a total of over 800 academic psychologists and about 1000 students
And they will all ask what does a p-value of 1% mean? Oh boy. Here we go. How many of these? Oh my gosh
It's going to break your heart
Cherries the replica
So in the sample there were 115 persons who taught statistics
But you should know that in the social sciences mostly and certainly not in psychology
Those who teach statistic are not statisticians
For the same reason because they would notice what's going on
So what do you think?
What proportion of 115 statistic teachers that's across six countries
fall prey to the illusion
Of breathability should be zero. It is 20 percent. Damn
Then we have looked at the professors and that's over 700 in this study
In the professor, it's 39 percent. Hey
There you go. So the students actually know it better than the professors
Do you see the professors must understand it in the incorrect way in order to use it correctly
That
That's why I failed
And i'm not saying it in a bad way. I'm just saying that I couldn't get it. I didn't get it
I didn't understand it and if gert would have been my friend when I was in academic biology
I might have left earlier or I might have tried harder to do it correctly and then
Found a knee shirt or found a right mentor or made the right choices, but for whatever reason
Right up until the very end. I was still just playing this game of trying to make measurements
And seeing if they're significant and then trying to explain that significance in some biologically significant way
Playing this game
And once you see it, it's like wow really
Because I learned a lot. I had a lot of fun. I read a lot of of papers and I thought about a lot of interesting things
Um, but I've also watched a lot of people
Create a lot of noise and somewhat participated in it on the sideline
Maybe I didn't create as much noise as other people were creating
But I was caught up in the idea of trying to understand how all this noise
Which at the time I thought was knowledge needed to be incorporated into my understanding of the brain
And of course when you're incorporating garbage you get garbage out
And
So that's where the damage is done, right?
If you got all these neuroscientists juggling around the idea of how to find p-values for genes that are associated with autism
And trying to create significant animal models of autism that are only measured in their significance by this mindless ritual
Then you can understand how billions of dollars could be wasted on animal models that don't recapitulate the disease
And in experimental models that don't recapitulate the situation or actually test the hypothesis
Just conveniently produce p-values of significance that can be distorted as testing a
A real hypothesis instead of disproving a no that the review are the that the designer of the experiment never believed in in the first place
You know like silicoxib and and femotidine have no effect on
On covid which would be the no hypothesis that robermalone tested
Capillary illusion the almost double and among the poor students is is 66 percent
They have inherited the delusion
And note that this is another reason by the replicability
Crisis is not being noticed until recently because of this illusion. I have a problem
It is a p-value of 1 percent. I can be almost sure it can be replicated
Now it's not the only delusion
That is shared by the academic researchers
So the next illusion is that you think that p-value is probably the data given
A hypothesis tells you about the probability of the hypothesis
And the maturity of academic
Psychologists in six countries
And in every study
shares
At least one and typically several of these illusions including the the p-value of 1 percent tells you that the
Probability that it not happens is true. It's also 1 percent
Or that the alternative hypothesis is true is 99 percent and so it goes on
This is a remarkable
state
of
the art of doing science
Remarkable because everyone of this academic
Researchers understand the probability of A even B is not the probability of B even A
But within the ritual thinking is blocked. Yes
Say it gird. So another blind spot and cost is obviously effect size. There is no effect size in
The ritual there's an effect of enlightenment prison. Yeah, but that's not being told
So does everybody understand that if you're a statistic student at all
You would have heard of effect size and that has to do with okay
How many numbers are you testing if it's only a difference between five people and five people the power and the the
The effect size might be smaller than if it's a thousand people and a thousand people
And the difference between them is x or y and so there is there are these all kinds of other
Statistical numbers that could be included in the ritual that would in theory give the ritual more resolution
To distinguish between the result and and randomness
But instead the ritual contains none of these things that that should have been incorporated from the original theories
But instead leaves them out almost seemingly on purpose
Ski and celiac asked a question
Do economists distinguish between significance?
And now think about the fact that economy and economics models and finance and financial models
Have been made to create the illusion of knowledge using the same frickin ritual
That actually paul cottrell got a phd in finance using the same
p-value ritual and probably didn't even test the hypothesis about chaos or anything like that
Those statistical significance in economic significance
And they looked at the papers in the top in one of the top journals the american economic review
and of 182 papers 70% did not
Make a distinction
And what celiac and make loskey did
They published the names of those
Who got most confused including a number of no blores hopes
10 years later they repeated that assuming that everyone must have read that and people are now more
reasonable
But the 70% who confused it the number didn't go down. It went up to 82
Similar there's a blind spot for statistical power. There is no power in the knowledge ritual
And paul means the probability that you find an effect if there is one
And that should be 80 percent 90 percent higher
The psychologist do you understand that there is a there is a
sort of minimum threshold of samples that you
Can take in order to have a pretty good chance of seeing a difference
And if there is very little difference between the groups and you're going to need a lot more numbers
In order to see it reliably
Then if for example, there's a giant difference like the difference between my height and the height of all other little kids
Under the age of four you wouldn't need very many kids under the age of four to get a statistical result
And the likelihood that you would find a result is very high because the the difference is very big between me and all kids
But if it was between me and other high school basketball players
Then although our ages are different our height might be tend to be very much similar
So in order to see whether there's any difference between me and them you might need a lot more of them
And that's a very bad example because I I'm a group of one
But he is trying to teach or trying to cite a very
broad idea in statistics and show to you that the resolution of a statistical result
In the null ritual is absolutely positively not the goal
If the goal was to accurately describe the statistical result, then you would use power
And you would use effect size to describe the p-value with some
parameters
But they're not part of the null hypothesis despite the fact that they were part of the statistical theories from which the null hypothesis
is purported to be drawn or the testing of the null hypothesis is purported to be drawn
And it is this illusion
This this fake mechanism of knowledge creation that has been used malevolently against us
To create the illusion of RNA viruses the need for for public health and the effectiveness of the vaccine schedule
These are all very very central
And they are very very much created protected by and edified by this null ritual
That gert has now so eloquently shown us is running rampant across all
Academic fields including economy economics
Psychology and biomedical sciences including frickin drugs like robert malone just added it just wonderfully explained to paulcatrell
When was the first one who systematically studied the power of a major clique in travel
And he found that the average power for a medium effect was
46 percent
That wasn't much
Now petacidlimire and I
25 years later
Which should be a time that things change that airplane is in Arizona. Sorry. I can't get rid of that sound
Looked analyze the power in the same term
Before it was 46 it went down to 37. Why? Because
Many researchers noted alpha adjustment which decreases the power
And
Notice what that means
If you
If you set up an experiment
That has only a power of say 30 percent to detect the effect if there's one
You could do better and much more cheaper by throwing a coin
And you would have a power of 50 percent
clear
How extraordinary is that how extraordinary is that the null hypothesis does not involve
even
Finding out whether the number of measurements you've made has any real statistical power to find a result if there is one
They don't even they don't even have to tell you that
You could spare
All of this effort
And what I've told you now are even the better results
Uh studies in neuroscience
So for instance studies about Alzheimer's disease genetics gains of biomarkers the median power of more than 700 studies is 21 percent
Cancer biomarkers genetics you mean like the genetic causes of autism
You see where i'm going with this ladies and gentlemen
You see where the broken science initiative is going with this why the broken science initiative is so important
That malcom kendrick the placebo master
And the statin sky is in the same room as gert giga renzer is in the same room as the guy who runs giga home biological
Is in the same room as the guy who invented crossfit is in the same room as matt brigs is in the same room
Um
Bringing these people together and trying to find an organized way to start to spread these knowledge this knowledge spread these ideas
and to
Slowly dismantle the mythology that has been created using these ideas is of utmost importance to our children
I
Want to watch the rest of this but I don't have time and my back is absolutely murdering me right now
And i'm going to pull the trigger and say or pull the ripcord right now and I apologize for that
I will watch the rest of this
Maybe maybe we'll watch the rest of it tomorrow. I do think that I I put extra stuff in here with the paul control video
And so it makes it a little harder
um to to
To
But just don't forget
This is our hypothesis ladies and gentlemen. It's not going to change
um
And uh, this was gert giga renzer
Um mindless statistics the broken science initiative you can find this full video on youtube
You can also find it on the broken science initiative website
It would be great if you guys would go to the broken science initiative website and make a
Make a member, you know, just join and and and make a username
um, so that
You know that that emily can see that i'm pushing people there and drawing attention to their work
There's lots of other videos there
Including videos by malcom kendrick who's one of the more entertaining people to talk about this kind of stuff
And malcom is also going to be on our show in the next couple of weeks. I think
Um, so just looking forward
Seeing the progress. I hope you can see it too
Broken science initiative is really the way that gigo and biological is going to get off of this
this uh covid
Dissident narrative
breaking and uh
And and move on to bigger and better things during the week
And then maybe only once a week we have to revisit some of these posers
And the um, mythologies that they are still perpetuating on social media remember don't take their bait on tv
Remember, um, stay focused on the biology and remember that uh, you got to love your neighbors
Um, I love you all very much ladies and gentlemen. See you again soon
So
Thomas koon and feribend are also guys that are featured
Actually in one of my favorite books that i'm reading for the second time already and that's this one pauper and after written by
David stove
So this is a book actually that the broken science initiative now owns the rights too
And so I think on the broken science initiative website. You can actually get a pdf of this book
It's really thin
And it's really easy and it's the only basis for which I understand any of this stuff that gert and other people are talking about
I'm now breaking into trying to read matt, uh, Briggs's book. I'm about randomness
Um
But uh, this is the one that's helped me get to the stage where I can at least have a conversation with these some of these people
And know what they're talking about and so don't ever think that i'm an expert
We're just doing it together at best. I'm a tutor. Um, and a biologist. It's read a few more
Hours than you have on some of these topics and that's it. Otherwise, I'm just uh, a
imperfect husband and an imperfect papa and I love you all very much and thanks very much for your support
I'll see you again soon